orig premise:	A person in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycle .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a colorfully dressed child rides a bike
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a colorfully robed child rides a bike

orig premise:	A person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A child in a wagon rolls down a hill .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A baby in a wagon rolls down a hill .

orig premise:	A man in a black tank top wearing a red plaid hat
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man wearing football pads .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man haven calcium cloths .

orig premise:	Families with strollers waiting in front of a carousel .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Families have some dogs in front of a carousel
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Families have some pup in front of a carousel

orig premise:	A person with dark hair in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a `` swim at your own risk '' sign on the wall .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	a person is relaxing on his day off
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a person is relieve on his zi off

orig premise:	pedestrian walking on the street
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A person walking inside a building .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A person walking within a edifice .

orig premise:	A man on a bicycle , wearing cycle gear , riding at a fast past down paved trail surrounded by tree 's and grass .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	He is heading to the cabin down the trail .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	He is heading to the stateroom down the rail .

orig premise:	A man in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Man performs a juggling act on a unicycle .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Man performs a juggling act on a rollerblades .

orig premise:	Some cars and many tents are set up at the foot of a mountain .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Cars and tents are at the foot of the mountain .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Cars and tents are at the foot of the hills .

orig premise:	A young child climbing a stack of logs even though the sign warns against it .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A kid climbing some logs
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A toddler climbing some logs

orig premise:	Two men help each other cut a sheet of plastic .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two men cut some plastic .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two men cut some silicone .

orig premise:	A man in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a pipe on top of a wood fence .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Someone is sawing .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Someone is lumber .

orig premise:	Bubbles surround a statue in the middle of a street .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The statue was standing in the garage .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The idols was being in the godown .

orig premise:	A woman holding a newborn baby .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	woman holds baby
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	woman holds toddlers

orig premise:	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is poised to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A boy wearing green shorts and a green t-shirt runs on a track .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A buddies haven verte panties and a green t-shirt runs on a trajectory .

orig premise:	A man cooking over high flames .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man is cooking for his friends .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is frying for his friends .

orig premise:	A historic-looking building .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The town hall
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The town plaza

orig premise:	Two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The two men are friends
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The two man are fella

orig premise:	A man painting a sign onto his food cart .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Everyone is in a restaurant .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Everyone is in a dinnertime .

orig premise:	A young boy is playing in the sandy water .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There is a boy in the water .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	There is a men in the water .

orig premise:	Man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Person with an orange bandanna is playing the flute .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Person with an orange bandanna is playing the oboe .

orig premise:	Two men in hard hats look at a building while on the side of a street .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	2 male humans are working construction .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	2 male humans are cooperated construction .

orig premise:	A woman , in red and white , and wearing glasses , sits in a room with other people .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman is sitting in a room with other people .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A woman is sitting in a room with other man .

orig premise:	Two college football players battle it out outdoors on the field during game day , where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball , and the other player is in action about to sack the quarterback .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Some girls playing basketball .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Some broads reproduce ball .

orig premise:	a matador in white and gold clothing and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The angry bull is attacking the matador and quite rightly so
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The frenzied bull is attacked the matador and quite rightly so

orig premise:	A black and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two dogs play .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two dogs replay .

orig premise:	Two men on opposing teams are playing soccer in a field .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Two teams playing soccer , practicing for the Olympics .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two teams playing foot , practicing for the Olympics .

orig premise:	People in chairs around a table
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The people are climbing a mountain .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The people are increased a mont .

orig premise:	A mother holds her newborn baby .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A person holding a child .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A person holding a adolescent .

orig premise:	Two people crossing by each other while kite surfing .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The people are outdoors .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The nationals are outdoors .

orig premise:	The gentlemen with the red plaid shirt and black pants is speaking to a young lady holding a blue folder .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The gentleman is speaking to an old lady .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The gentleman is speaking to an yesteryear lady .

orig premise:	A man in a white shirt taking a picture .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	the man takes a video clip
adv hypothesis (neutral):	the man takes a photographer clips

orig premise:	A group of people sitting around tables with computer monitors on them paying attention to something on the left .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The group of people are game developers creating a new video game in their office .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The bundled of humans are plaything programmer building a new video game in their office .

orig premise:	Three people are standing on a lit stage while groups of people sitting at tables face them .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There is a group of people present .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	There is a group of men present .

orig premise:	A child hugs a birdhouse .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There is a child and a birdhouse .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	There is a teenage and a birdhouse .

orig premise:	A man talks to two guards as he holds a drink .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man is holding a drink .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man is holding a alcohol .

orig premise:	A woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a body of water .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman sits outside on the dock .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman sits beyond on the terminal .

orig premise:	A choir of youths are singing .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	the children are singing at home
adv hypothesis (neutral):	the children are singing at hostels

orig premise:	A Young girl wearing a blue ski cap and red and gray two tone jacket stands between two bits of ice .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A girl standing near ice .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A girl standing near glacier .

orig premise:	A woman within an orchestra is playing a violin .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is looking in a telescope .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A folks is looking in a telescopic .

orig premise:	A crowd of people are packed into a subway car .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A crowd of people are headed to work .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A crowd of people are administered to work .

orig premise:	This church choir sings to the masses as they sing joyous songs from the book at a church .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A choir singing at a baseball game .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A choir singing at a ballon matching .

orig premise:	Man and women standing under a red umbrella .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The married couple stood under the umbrella .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The mari couple stood under the aegis .

orig premise:	A little girl in a colorful shirt holding a flower .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	THe girl is cute
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	THe girl is scrumptious

orig premise:	A Ford car is making a right turn as 3 males are walking across the street behind the car .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A car making a right turn had three pedestrians cross behind it .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A car making a right turn had three footpath cross behind it .

orig premise:	An Indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	An Indian woman visits the outdoor bazaar to buy rice .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	An Indian chica visits the outpatient muddle to buy rice .

orig premise:	Two men riding a boat in clear water on a sunny day .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A couple people are doing activities on a nice day in a boat .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A couple people are doing events on a nice day in a boat .

orig premise:	A man is hanging sausages in a market .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A person is hanging sausages in a market .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A person is hanging sausages in a sale .

orig premise:	A person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A dog waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A schnauzer waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background .

orig premise:	Beautiful girl in white dress steps into the sunlight .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A girl is wearing a dress .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A girl is wearing a tuxedo .

orig premise:	A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A dog is mid-air , jumping to catch a tennis ball .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A dog is mid-air , jumping to catch a opening ball .

orig premise:	A child and a parent or older sibling going for a hike .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	It is the child 's first time hiking .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	It is the child 's first time jumps .

orig premise:	Boys with their backs against an incoming wave .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A group of people stand together .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A group of people booths along .

orig premise:	A young boy in green is practicing kicking .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	the young boy is wearing black
adv hypothesis (neutral):	the boyish guy is harbors black

orig premise:	A man in a black tank top wearing a red plaid hat
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man in a hat .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A bloke in a hat .

orig premise:	A person doing a trick on a snowboard .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A snowboarder is performing tricks .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A snowboarder is performing sleight .

orig premise:	A man shows off his spider-web face paint .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A young man shows a group of people the black web painted on his face .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A young boy indicates a group of people the black web painted on his face .

orig premise:	A man wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a newspaper while standing
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is sitting down reading a newspaper .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man is meeting down reading a newspaper .

orig premise:	The people await to cross the street while walking the dog .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	people are with a dog
adv hypothesis (neutral):	people are with a terrier

orig premise:	Three people are sitting at a small table near a screen with the words , `` DEMOS , The Business of Care . ''
orig hypothesis (neutral):	There are some people at a business meeting .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	There are some people at a business session .

orig premise:	A young boy swings a hula hoop while other children sit on the floor with their hoops .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A young boy swings
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A young boy jitter

orig premise:	A game of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stop there opponent from catching a ball in midair .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The players are playing rugby .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The players are replicating rugby .

orig premise:	Boy in midair on bicycle
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The boy is afraid to ride his bicycle so he lets it sit in the garage and collect rust .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The boy is anxious to motorbike his cyclist after he lets it sitting in the storing and reaping rusty .

orig premise:	Children are playing in the street with a toy .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The children are near some cars .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The children are roundabout some audi .

orig premise:	A group of women playing volleyball indoors .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	People are outside tossing a ball .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	People are outward tossing a ball .

orig premise:	An older man holding a sign for tattoos soliciting business on the street .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man works with a tattoo business .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man works with a tattooing businessmen .

orig premise:	A man looking out of his window .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man takes a nap in the dark room .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A hombre surrounds a siesta in the dark room .

orig premise:	There is a Victorian style building in the background , and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddle boat sits with three people in it .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Three people sit in a paddle boat .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Three man sit in a paddle boat .

orig premise:	An Ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The ambulance has its sirens on
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The ambulance has its mermaids on

orig premise:	Two men are standing in a boat .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Some men are standing on top of a car .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Some men are standing on top of a motorized .

orig premise:	A black man wearing a red belt and a white man wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts inside a building with a woman looking on in the background .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is wearing a red belt .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A boys is wearing a red belt .

orig premise:	The gentleman is speaking while the others are listening .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is not talking .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man is not debated .

orig premise:	The football player prepares to kick the ball .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The football player wearing the red jersey with number 87 on it is about to kick the football for the kickoff .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The footballs players carry the red hoodie with digits 87 on it is about to slap the football for the kickoff .

orig premise:	Men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Men sit on the bus going to work ,
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Men seat on the omnibus going to activities ,

orig premise:	Man is shaving in the mirror .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man has a beard .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man haya a beards .

orig premise:	A team of surgeons operate on a female patient .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The woman has cancer .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The femmes maintains pancreas .

orig premise:	A baby with a green bottom and red top lying in bed with a brown and white cat and also a black and white cat .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The person is crying near some animals .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The person is grieving near some animals .

orig premise:	A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The dog will return to the lake soon
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The dog will return to the lago readily

orig premise:	A woman in a gray sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her small dog that is wrapped in a blanket .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The woman is wearing jeans .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman is wearing sweatpants .

orig premise:	A blond woman speaks with a group of young dark-haired female students carrying pieces of paper .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man hits on a woman .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A humans hits on a woman .

orig premise:	Two men are playing during a basketball game .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Two men are fighting each other to the death .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two men are struggling each other to the death .

orig premise:	A man playing fetch with two brown dogs .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The dogs are adopted .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The dogs are embraced .

orig premise:	a woman walking down the street .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A lady is walking down a street .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A lady is walking down a thoroughfare .

orig premise:	A man on stage in the act of jumping , with a little boy in the background really enjoying it .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A boy happily watches an acrobat jumping on a stage .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A boy nonchalantly watches an acrobat jumping on a stage .

orig premise:	A snowboarder making a big jump doing a trick on a high mountain .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A snowbaorder performs a trick jump .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A snowbaorder performs a gimmick jump .

orig premise:	An older man in a light green shirt and dark green pants holds the hand of an older woman as they pass an outside eatery with teal umbrellas .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	An older looking couple are holding hands as the walk past a restaurant outside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	An older looking couple are holding hands as the promenade past a bistro beyond .

orig premise:	A man grilling a hamburger .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is swimming at the bottom of the ocean .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The man is beach at the substance of the seamen .

orig premise:	A tattooed man posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbag .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A couple looks at porn .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A couple looks at erotica .

orig premise:	A person dressed in a jacket and long pants walks down a snow-covered street in a small town .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The pants are new .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The sweatpants are nova .

orig premise:	Four children are wearing blue hats with colored streamers .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Four kids are wearing hats with streamers .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Four kids are wearing beanie with streamers .

orig premise:	A man in a one piece tunic is riding a bike in front of a sandstone wall while touching his nose .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man is testing the bike .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The man is checks the bike .

orig premise:	A girl with a blue shirt and a girl with a striped shirt stand next to a girl with a green shirt sitting in a chair .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two girls are standing next to a girl who is sitting .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two girls are standing next to a bebe who is sittin .

orig premise:	Two girls playing basketball .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Girls are playing basketball .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Girls are playing dunks .

orig premise:	Two girls are kneeling on the ground .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Two girls stand around the vending machines .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Two girls position around the vending accoutrements .

orig premise:	A woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A woman compares prices on eggs at the market
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman likened prices on buds at the market

orig premise:	Two performers , one man playing a guitar , and one woman with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chairs performing .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man and woman are doing karaoke together at a bar .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man and missus are doing karaoke together at a bar .

orig premise:	two boys reading superhero books
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two boys reading a piece of literature .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two boys reading a piece of paper .

orig premise:	A tractor decorated as a float for a parade
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a tractor is decorated for a parade
adv hypothesis (neutral):	a tractor is decorated for a marchers

orig premise:	A middle-aged man in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a man raises his forearms
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a man raises his thigh

orig premise:	A girl wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the air , while she is in the forest .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The girl is jumping .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The daughter is jumping .

orig premise:	A man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people 's shadows in front of him on the pavement .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man stands by a wall outside .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man stands by a fence outboard .

orig premise:	A group of young adults with `` X '' on their hands , smiling .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The group of adults is happy .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The group of adults is happiest .

orig premise:	A photo of a woman in a black coat standing in front of a large two-paneled photo depicting a woman in a gray dress looking down with her hand in a bag .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The woman in the two paneled photo is the other woman 's relative
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The giris in the three varnished movies is the other chica 's related

orig premise:	A boy dressed in a dark shirt carries a blue bag over his shoulder and a green pail .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A boy is sitting still .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A boy is hearing anyway .

orig premise:	Guy in uniform standing on the side of a boat moving through the water .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man in the Navy is sailing through the water .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A mens in the Navy is windsurfing through the water .

orig premise:	Older man wearing dark blue clothing sweeping the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carrying a green bag entering the building .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	An older man is outdoors
adv hypothesis (neutral):	An older husband is outdoors

orig premise:	A young barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A female child , with no shoes but a helmet on , walks on top of a tree that has fallen down .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A female child , with no shoelaces but a headgear on , strolls on tallest of a trees that maintains slipped down .

orig premise:	A dog and a cow play together inside the fence .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A dog and cow are playing with hay .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A dog and cow are cloning with hee .

orig premise:	A woman outside in the snow holds a container that produces steam .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A human in snow .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A humanistic in snow .

orig premise:	A man is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is outside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A husband is outdoor .

orig premise:	Indian men selling food items on the sidewalk
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Men are selling hotdogs on the sidewalk .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Men are selling frankfurters on the sidewalk .

orig premise:	A worker is doing a job on scaffolding .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A human working
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A humanistic working

orig premise:	Person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	a person sitting on a bench
adv hypothesis (neutral):	a somebody installed on a oar

orig premise:	A family with young children sits down outside .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man and wife sit outside with their children .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man and wife sit outside with their youths .

orig premise:	Six people appearing to be planting something in the ground .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Six people are at the movies .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Six people are at the cinematic .

orig premise:	a woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two people wearing red outfits walking on a street
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two people wearing red outfits walking on a boardwalk

orig premise:	A woman and a young girl are sitting down and smiling .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A mother and daughter are chatting .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A mother and daughter are schmooze .

orig premise:	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is poised to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is about to hit a tennis ball with his racket .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is about to hit a tennis ball with his paddle .

orig premise:	A gray-haired man rides a bike in front of a bus advertising Ironman .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	An older man rides his bike and is almost hit by a bus because he is looking at the Ironman poster .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	An old boys rides his motorcyclists and is almost walloped by a bus for he is seeing at the Ironman logos .

orig premise:	Two formally dressed , bald older women
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Two long-haired young women .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Two long-haired junior females .

orig premise:	A child enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The children are playing on a slide .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The children are playing on a skate .

orig premise:	A man swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is shooting a basketball at the goal .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A boyfriend is firing a ball at the goal .

orig premise:	A man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two people sign copies of books .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two people sign copies of schoolbooks .

orig premise:	A person flying through the air on a bicycle .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A person is on a bike .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A person is on a motorcycles .

orig premise:	A man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people 's shadows in front of him on the pavement .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man sits on a wall .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A males headquarter on a wall .

orig premise:	A passenger wearing a life jacket prepares to take a picture of a whale very close to the boat .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man is taking a picture of a school of whales in Hawaii .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is taking a pics of a school of tofu in Hawaii .

orig premise:	a young girl looking down through some leaves from atop a tree .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There is a girl outdoors .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	There is a girlfriend outer .

orig premise:	A young african child in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a bag on his head .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A young African child carrying a bag .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A young African child carrying a backpacks .

orig premise:	A man is doing a task by a body of water on a farm .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man is doing something by the water .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man is taking something by the river .

orig premise:	A street performer wearing sunglasses and painted in bronze colored paint is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop film camera .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A mime is practicing his art .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A mime is drills his art .

orig premise:	A blond woman is looking at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with several pieces of art on it .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman is looking at a camera .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman is looking at a chambre .

orig premise:	A group of young men are dumping soil onto the ground of their backyard .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The young men are working to level an area of the yard to put in a new basketball court .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The young men are operating to level an realm of the lawn to render in a new basketball court .

orig premise:	A woman wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman is climbing a mountain .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A woman is mountaineering a mountain .

orig premise:	A young white girl is standing on the street in front of a storefront , dressed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The young white girl is outdoors .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The young white niece is besides .

orig premise:	A man looks back while laughing and walking .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is falling down on the ground .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A male is falling down on the motive .

orig premise:	The girls walk down the street .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Girls set down in the street .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Girls creating down in the street .

orig premise:	Many people have decided to take a rest on the steps .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	People are taking a break from their activities .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	People are taking a break from their operandi .

orig premise:	A man leads the way in a race .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man is running a marathon .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The boy is running a ironman .

orig premise:	A woman fell in the water after riding a wakeboard .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman is wakeboarding .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A cheerleader is wakeboarding .

orig premise:	Two cars are being driven in a car race .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two cars participate in a car race .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two motorcar participate in a car race .

orig premise:	Man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another man in blue bowing on floor with two other men wearing blue kneeling on same floor also .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man is wearing a blue shirt .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A man is harbours a blue shirt .

orig premise:	A surfer on a wave .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A surfer catching a swell .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A surfing catching a swell .

orig premise:	A group of people are sight seeing and taking pictures .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	there are a group of people
adv hypothesis (neutral):	there are a group of man

orig premise:	Three children and adults in the background , all pretend to sleep .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The people are pretending to sleep .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The people are pretending to dreams .

orig premise:	A group of men on a beach are chasing another man who is carrying a ball .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The men are on the beach .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The men are on the bath .

orig premise:	A small child wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A child sleeps in a crib .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A child layer in a anker .

orig premise:	A small boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Boy in a pool
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Boy in a puddle

orig premise:	A group of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	People are racing up a hill .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	People are racing up a mounted .

orig premise:	Taking a break to watch some TV
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Taking a break
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Taking a intermission

orig premise:	A girl in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The boy is swinging at his baseball game .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The friend is cue at his slugger game .

orig premise:	A man is sitting in the green chair , talking on the phone , and working on the laptop , and there is construction site next to his building .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man can is on the phone .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man can is on the cellular .

orig premise:	Two people climbing up some sort of wore structure .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two people climb up a structure
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two people climb up a frames

orig premise:	Man with black shirt and sunglasses makes something out of a balloon .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man makes something from a balloon .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man makes something from a helium .

orig premise:	A dark-skinned man in white shirts and a black sleeveless shirt flips his skateboard on a cement surface surrounded by tall buildings and palm trees .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a man does a skateboarding trick on a cement surface
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a man does a snowboarding trick on a cement surface

orig premise:	a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A wet golden retriever is in a lake .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A wet golden retriever is in a lago .

orig premise:	A long dark-haired man sitting on the grass with a guitar in his lap in front of a blue sky .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is sitting outdoors .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A blokes is sitting besides .

orig premise:	An Asian woman is standing on a path with a basket on her head looking into a mirror she is holding in her hand .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A person standing
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A person stables

orig premise:	A woman rests her head on a man 's shoulder .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Woman resting her head on husband shoulder
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Woman staying her head on husband shoulder

orig premise:	Two dogs are looking through a rusty wire fence .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Two dogs are sleeping by the fireplace .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two dogs are dreaming by the stacking .

orig premise:	A man in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the air in a living room that has a fireplace and wooden floor .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a man jumps high
adv hypothesis (neutral):	a man jumps highest

orig premise:	Two men are wrestling ; one has the maple leaf of the Canadian flag on his uniform .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two men wrestle in uniform .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two men wrestle in cohesion .

orig premise:	People waiting in line in a snowstorm .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	People are waiting in line for food to get through the snowstorm with
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	People are waiting in line for food to get through the wintry with

orig premise:	Two distinguished older gentlemen stand outside a house , trees in background , both with white hair , the taller man having his arm about the other man 's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lenses .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The older gentlemen are outside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The older lawmakers are outdoor .

orig premise:	A happy woman quite stands in front of a business that displays a closed sign and looks very animated .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman sings to herself .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A females chanson to herself .

orig premise:	A woman in a white bridal dress and ruby red shoes , carrying a white umbrella , stands atop a platform while handing a brochure to a middle-aged female passerby .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The woman is modeling a wedding dress .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The woman is layouts a wedding dress .

orig premise:	Male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his feet on the desk talking on the phone .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man is talking to his wife on the phone .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A roosters is lecturing to his wife on the cellular .

orig premise:	Three army soldiers are holding guns and peering around a corner of a building .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Soldiers are on guard as they 're waiting for someone to steal documents inside the building .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Soldiers are on guardsmen as they 're sufferance for someone to pried documents inside the construction .

orig premise:	Dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A dog is sitting on a table .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A dog is hearing on a figure .

orig premise:	A young man wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a trick on a skateboard while riding it in a skate park next to a beach .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There is a person skateboarding .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	There is a everybody skateboarding .

orig premise:	A young boy learns how to ride a horse
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The child and his pet play on the bed .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The child and his animalistic play on the bassinet .

orig premise:	A woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman wearing a striped wrap is looking at the camera .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A woman wearing a striped wrap is researching at the camera .

orig premise:	A young african child in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a bag on his head .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A young African child playing soccer .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A young African child jeux infantry .

orig premise:	Child in blue polos are sitting around a table writing on their notebooks , one is standing up .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Children doing homework assignments while tutor monitors them .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Children could homework mapped while cerberus monitors them .

orig premise:	A shirtless man rock climbs .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is outside
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A husband is outdoor

orig premise:	A boy in an all blue uniform kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy area .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A boy is playing in the grass .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A boy is sets in the grass .

orig premise:	A little girl on a piece of playground equipment
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A kid is doing a thing .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A kid is doing a question .

orig premise:	The man is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man and a dog are sitting on the couch .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A copulate and a canine are assemblage on the futon .

orig premise:	Clowning around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !
orig hypothesis (neutral):	fooling around in the bathroom getting ready for school
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	cheating around in the bathroom getting ready for school

orig premise:	A woman wearing jeans is walking down the street .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	An elderly woman with a cane is sitting on a chair .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	An previous girlie with a cane is sta on a speaker .

orig premise:	Young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A young boy is sleeping at a sleep over .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A young boy is hibernating at a sleep over .

orig premise:	Bespectacled man in suit opens wallet while a younger lady in formal wear laughs with him .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two people are near each other .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two people are roundabout every other .

orig premise:	A variety of people are sitting around a tale doing craft projects .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The people are bickering about politics .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The people are backstabbing about statesman .

orig premise:	A blond woman in a black shirt is standing behind a counter .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The woman has her hair pulled back in a bun .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman has her hair pulled back in a scone .

orig premise:	Man on bike with female standing on rear of back with arms around his neck .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There are two people near a bike .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	There are two people near a sidecar .

orig premise:	A man in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carrying several bags on a street .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is walking outside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A buddy is walking foreign .

orig premise:	A young man in an orange hat walks his bicycle down a street .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man in an orange hat walks his bike down a street .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A blokes in an orange hat walks his bike down a street .

orig premise:	A man with a half mask over his face is holding a toy helicopter in his left hand and a controller in is his right hand .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The helicopter is black .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The helo is darkness .

orig premise:	A group of people traveling in a small wooden boat .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A group of people on a sunken boat .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A group of people on a drown boat .

orig premise:	People are riding their bikes down a road .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	People are having fun .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	People are having amuse .

orig premise:	A boy looks out the window at another boy who is spraying the window with water .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The boy is wearing shorts .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The boy is wearing dungarees .

orig premise:	An old woman in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wooden building .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The building is old .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The buildings is immemorial .

orig premise:	A man in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an Asian shop .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is blowing out his birthday cake .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man is blowing out his commemorative cinch .

orig premise:	Three men are sitting outside on chairs with red seats .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Men are having a conversation outside .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Men are afterwards a chitchat outside .

orig premise:	A man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Two people are playing with a frisbee at a park .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two people are bets with a bocce at a park .

orig premise:	A BMX rider is in midair while on a dirt trail .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The BMX rider is getting dirt on his clothes .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The BMX rider is getting crud on his clothes .

orig premise:	A man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man is a worker .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The fella is a working .

orig premise:	A young gymnast looks back at the audience , trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents before starting her performance .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A gymnast nervously scans a crowd for her parents before performing the routine that will reveal she had n't been attending her lessons .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A gymnast nervously scans a crowd for her fathers before performed the routine that will reveal she had n't been attending her educational .

orig premise:	A man playing billiards at a bar .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man is playing with friends .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is playing with brah .

orig premise:	A man wearing dark jeans , an orange shirt , and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plants and flowers and a woman with a blue top .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The woman is the man 's wife .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman is the man 's consort .

orig premise:	Asian individuals are taking pictures of some unidentified thing .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Asians spot what they think is a UFO and take pictures .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Asians dust what they think is a UFO and making gallery .

orig premise:	Two men walking in summer attire .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Two men in snow pants and sweaters are walking .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two men in xue pants and shirts are walking .

orig premise:	A female softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield , waiting for the next play .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a player is waiting
adv hypothesis (neutral):	a player is impatience

orig premise:	a mass of people looking and moving in the same general direction .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A mass of people moving the same way .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A mass of people moving the same road .

orig premise:	A toddler , sitting next to another girl who is slightly older , is using a bubble machine to blow a large bubble into the air .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A toddler and little girl are blowing bubbles .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A toddler and little girl are blowing helium .

orig premise:	3 women run in a marathon with the crowd in the background , one with the label Galina and another the label Inga , and the 3rd running close behind them in blue .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Three women are running .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Three daughters are performance .

orig premise:	a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A snowboarder takes a nap on the course .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A skiers surrounding a siesta on the trajectory .

orig premise:	This is a very large vegetable stand under a white tent .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	There is a fresh food market .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	There is a fresh restaurants market .

orig premise:	A woman in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flower in her hair is staring towards the right .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The woman is looking at a dog .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The missus is looking at a dog .

orig premise:	A young redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black Pearl Jam shirt .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A couple of young people are at a concert .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A matching of young people are at a concert .

orig premise:	Numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	People are shopping .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	People are boutiques .

orig premise:	Children playing a video game together .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The kids are indoors playing a video game .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The kids are indoors playing a video bookmaking .

orig premise:	A man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man is playing music outdoors .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man is playing tunes outboard .

orig premise:	A bearded man wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with images of Spiderman .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man wearing a tux
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A man wearing a outfits

orig premise:	A man partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his arms on two others while standing in a crowd .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is running away from police .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A dudes is performance away from police .

orig premise:	A female bowler dressed in blue , with another bowler in the background , prepares to throw a ball down the lane .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman is playing a game
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman is playing a gaming

orig premise:	Two men with matching t-shirts fold a towel in the living room .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two men are in the living room .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two men are in the living barracks .

orig premise:	Three women sit together near woven walls .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The woven walls are multicolored .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The woven walls are adorned .

orig premise:	A crowd of people standing in front of statues .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The people are taking photos of the statue .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The people are opting stills of the figurines .

orig premise:	Man walking a small pug .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is near a dog .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man is near a kennel .

orig premise:	Large brown dog walking in shallow water .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	An animal is in water
adv hypothesis (neutral):	An critters is in water

orig premise:	A person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A person in red is cutting the grass on a riding mower
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A person in red is cutting the herb on a riding mower

orig premise:	a man in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another person .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man is reaching for his wife .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is obtains for his marries .

orig premise:	African woman walking through field .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	THere is women navigating through the fields .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	THere is women exploring through the fields .

orig premise:	A man takes a drink in the doorway of a home .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is sitting at the table .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man is tis at the tiles .

orig premise:	A person with a green backpack is riding a bike down the road .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There is a person with a green backpack .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	There is a everybody with a green backpack .

orig premise:	A man preparing to bat in a baseball game .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman is playing baseball .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The broads is playing baseball .

orig premise:	Two men are standing in a freshly razed field at the boundary of a forest , while a bulldozer sits idling nearby .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The two men are back at the office .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The two fellas are back at the department .

orig premise:	The squirrel sits straight up in the grass .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A squirrel sits in the grass .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A squirrel assisi in the grass .

orig premise:	A woman rests her head on a man 's shoulder .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Woman resting her head on man 's shoulder
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Woman resting her leader on man 's shoulder

orig premise:	A female gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skills .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The female gymnast is training for the Olympics .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The female swimmer is constellations for the Olympics .

orig premise:	Six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of glasses in the foreground .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	They are in a boat .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	They are in a maritime .

orig premise:	A girl wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the air , while she is in the forest .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The girl is jumping because she is happy .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The girl is sprinting because she is festive .

orig premise:	A boy on a skateboard in midair
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The boy is riding his board .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The boy is horse his board .

orig premise:	A young boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A young boy is using a utensil to handle meat on a grill .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A young boy is using a utensil to handle breaded on a bbq .

orig premise:	A young girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A little girl is standing outside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A little niece is lingering foreign .

orig premise:	A crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There are many pedestrians on the city street .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	There are many spectators on the city street .

orig premise:	Numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	People are shopping for watermelons .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	People are shopping for cantaloupes .

orig premise:	A group of people in red clothing with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Everyone is wearing green clothing .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Everyone is haven environmental clothing .

orig premise:	Two young girls are jumping off of a steep step .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Two young girls walk up a slide .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two youngster cheerleader locomotion up a slide .

orig premise:	One woman with jeans , gray shirt and sandals ; with girl in all pink watching a white ball float in midair .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The woman is contemplating buying a new outfit .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman is studying buying a new outfit .

orig premise:	A couple is eating outside at a table and he is pointing at something .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	People are eating at a table outside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	People are eating at a tile outboard .

orig premise:	A man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man holing the painting is making sure he painted the dog correctly
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The man putt the painting is making sure he canvasses the dog appropriately

orig premise:	An elderly lady holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	a woman holding a scruffy cat
adv hypothesis (neutral):	a woman holding a scruffy kitties

orig premise:	A man is riding a bicycle in the street .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a bicycle is being ridden
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a motorcycles is being ridden

orig premise:	A woman happy about something .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is yelling at his wife .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A friend is cheering at his wife .

orig premise:	Commuters wait for to cross a street .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	They wait to cross Main Street .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	They wait to straddling Main Street .

orig premise:	A man wearing a gray ball cap walks next to a redheaded woman wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	the man is wearing a gray cap .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	the man is wearing a gris cap .

orig premise:	Two people are playing American Football and one of them is trying to stop the other from throwing the ball .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A game of football is being played .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A game of soccer is being played .

orig premise:	A golfer shoots his ball out of a sand trap .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The game of golf being played .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The game of beach being exercised .

orig premise:	A boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A long-haired boy riding his skateboard at a fast pace over a stone wall with graffiti .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A long-haired man electorate his skateboards at a fast pace over a flagstone fences with graffiti .

orig premise:	A man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man watches the other clean a fish .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man watches the other clean a carp .

orig premise:	An Asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman is measuring out wine from a barrel .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A woman is measuring out wines from a barrel .

orig premise:	Two men are loading bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a cloudy day .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	It is nighttime .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	It is blackness .

orig premise:	The large white bird grazes the water .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The bird is touching the water
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The bird is poked the agua

orig premise:	A young woman in a black skirt and boots walks by stores .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A young woman is on a shopping trip .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A young woman is on a shopping itinerary .

orig premise:	A casually dressed young blond woman is looking away sadly as couple near her are kissing .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two people are having an intimate moment while another avoids looking at them .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two people are having an intimate dating while another avoids looking at them .

orig premise:	A man looking out of his window .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man enjoys the sun coming through the window .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A roosters enjoys the sun coming through the window .

orig premise:	A large number of people are watching men dressed in kilts , one of whom has thrown a long pole .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	a cow moo 's
adv hypothesis (neutral):	a hysteria moo 's

orig premise:	A man in a red shirt is being filmed by another man on a sports field with a huge audience of people watching and cheering .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man is being filmed by another man .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is being filmed by another boy .

orig premise:	A woman floats in an innertube in a large body of water .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman is sitting at home .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The woman is seat at accomodation .

orig premise:	Two dogs are digging under a large rock with their bottoms to the camera .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two dogs are digging under a rock .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two dogs are digging under a rocker .

orig premise:	The young boy in a red shirt and jeans resists his sister 's request for water on the road .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Kids share a drink .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Kids interact a drink .

orig premise:	Two guys playing soccer , one in red and the other in blue .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The men are playing soccer .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The men are playing ballon .

orig premise:	A young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A young male in a white shirt .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A young male in a polar shirt .

orig premise:	Two girls in bathing suits are in water .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Two girls are swiming in a pool
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two girls are swiming in a bundle

orig premise:	A couple opening up a new electronically mixer .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The couple purchased a used mixer
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The couple accrued a used mixers

orig premise:	A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A dog mouth holds a retrieved ball .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A dog mouth holds a retrieved footballs .

orig premise:	A black women holding a sign that says , `` free hugs '' in the city .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	a younger woman is holding a sign
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a teenaged woman is holding a sign

orig premise:	A stoplight displaying two bicycle symbols , a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signal stands in the foreground while a man in a white hat and blue shirt bikes along a red path .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man is going to turn left at the green arrow .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is disappears to turn left at the green arrows .

orig premise:	A man a woman posing for a picture .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is taking a picture of a dog , while a woman watches .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A males is having a pics of a canine , while a girl watches .

orig premise:	A white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy area .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A dog is running in the field towards another dog .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A dog is functioning in the topography towards another dog .

orig premise:	While traveling , a woman in a black jacket is resting on the shoulder of a man in a black jacket .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man 's wife lays on his shoulder
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A man 's women lays on his shoulder

orig premise:	A woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The woman is a professional photographer .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman is a professional videotaped .

orig premise:	A man dressed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is wearing a suit .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is wearing a tailor .

orig premise:	A young boy gets his photo taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A young boy 's mother takes his photo with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A young boy 's mother takes his movie with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .

orig premise:	The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The American football player in yellow catches the ball while under pressure from the player in white .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The American football player in yellow catches the ball while under pressure from the hotshot in white .

orig premise:	A little girl in a pink dress crying .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A young girl is crying for more attention .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A young girl is sighing for more attention .

orig premise:	A smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A girl walking and a frowning giris with a phone .

orig premise:	A man and woman setup a camera .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man and woman prepare to record a scene
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A roosters and woman prepare to record a scene

orig premise:	A man is installing a roof .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man is putting a roof on a beach house .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is putting a roof on a beach domicile .

orig premise:	two girls looking out the window at `` Hair at Hart . ''
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two people look out a window .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two personnel look out a glazing .

orig premise:	The Sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoid being tackled .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man has dropped a ball .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man has fall a ball .

orig premise:	A girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A camera is being lowered onto a running track by a girl in black pants and yellow t shirt
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A camera is being lowered onto a running track by a girl in schwarz shorts and yellowish t shirt

orig premise:	A woman in a gray kimono walks past a black car in the middle of a crowded street full of Japanese signs , with a man in an orange shirt and khaki slacks .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A woman is walking down a busy street in Tokyo .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A feminine is feet down a busy street in Tokyo .

orig premise:	people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The people are celebrating their father 's birthday at a local restaurant .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The people are holding their father 's birthday at a local caterer .

orig premise:	Sexy young men stand on a balcony having a heated conversation .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The young men are in complete agreement .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The young men are in iend agreement .

orig premise:	A man and a boy behind the wheel of a car .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man behind the wheel is teaching the boy about cars .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man behind the wheel is teaching the bartender about cars .

orig premise:	A woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman wearing sunglasses is not smiling .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A woman wearing sunglasses is not kidding .

orig premise:	An elderly couple in heavy coats are looking at black and white photos displayed on a wall .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The old lovers showing black and white photographs of them in their youth .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The yesteryear blowers showing black and white photographs of them in their youth .

orig premise:	A man wearing a red shirt is quickly polishing a light wooden floor with a small green towel next to a yellow can of Wood Silk .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a man polishes a floor next to a can
adv hypothesis (neutral):	a man polishes a townhouse next to a can

orig premise:	A man in a hat is driving a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man on a motorcycle .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A man on a riders .

orig premise:	A man is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle
orig hypothesis (entailment):	this guy is wearing a racing uniform while holding a bottle
adv hypothesis (neutral):	this guy is wearing a racing uniform while holding a beer

orig premise:	Two people , one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt , and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two people play flag football .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two people play marker football .

orig premise:	A motorcyclist is flying through the air above a dirt path .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The motorcyclist is in the air
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The bicycle is in the air

orig premise:	A group of young cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stage .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	They are holding pom poms .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	They are commemorating pom poms .

orig premise:	A woman is walking her dog and using her cellphone .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman is walking her cat .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The woman is walking her chat .

orig premise:	A man in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain biking down a dusty path .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man with headphones is biking .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man with headphones is motorcycles .

orig premise:	Three women are sitting on a green bench looking out at the coast .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The women are outdoors .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The maid are outdoors .

orig premise:	A young boy is hugging a wooden post .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A boy holds onto a post .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A boy holds onto a assignment .

orig premise:	While one man , in the white cap , is golfing , three other men are in the middle of a conversation .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Four guys go bowling at the lanes .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Four guys will snooker at the routing .

orig premise:	A man in a plaid red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is fishing .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is hunting .

orig premise:	A little boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookies and cakes .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A boy is hungry for some cookies and cakes , but does n't have any money .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A boy is hungry for some pies and cakes , but does n't have any money .

orig premise:	A group of people in bright green vests are purchasing food .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A group of people standing around waiting for a bus .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A module of personnel standing around desired for a bus .

orig premise:	A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	There is a group of people at a music festival .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	There is a group of public at a music festival .

orig premise:	A girl laying on the ground on her cellphone .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a girl on her cellphone lying on the ground
adv hypothesis (neutral):	a girl on her cellphone deceit on the ground

orig premise:	A young boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy , green leaves .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A young boy wears sandals .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A young boy wears flops .

orig premise:	The man in colorful shorts is barefoot .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man in shorts is not wearing footwear .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The husband in shorts is not wearing footwear .

orig premise:	A woman with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The vest is nice and warm .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The parka is nice and warm .

orig premise:	Two women and a man are sitting down eating and drinking various items .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A small group of people are eating and drinking together .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A small group of people are eating and cocktail together .

orig premise:	The small dog is running across the lawn .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A cat is running up a tree .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A poodle is running up a sapling .

orig premise:	A small girl in a green shirt plays on a swing .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	teen girl plays swing with his friend .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	teen girl plays kneeling with his friend .

orig premise:	A woman in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman in restaurant
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman in dine

orig premise:	A guy and a girl look down a mountain range .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The people look at the mountains .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The people look at the highlands .

orig premise:	A woman swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated pastures and tall trees .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a woman is outside
adv hypothesis (neutral):	a wife is outdoor

orig premise:	A young boy and an adult man looking at ducks in a pond .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	People watch ducks in a pond .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	People watch ducks in a puddle .

orig premise:	Two humans looking out in the distance from a hill .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Two people are rolling down the hill .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two folks are corrugated down the hill .

orig premise:	The young man in the plaid shirt is sitting on a chair that is out in the yard .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A boy is watching a cartoon from a recliner .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A boy is watching a animate from a recliner .

orig premise:	Two people are riding at once on one single bicycle .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two people taking a ride together on a bicyle outside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two people taking a touring together on a bicyle outdoor .

orig premise:	A girl laying on the ground on her cellphone .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	a girl on her cellphone lying on the ground next to a dog
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a girl on her handphone lying on the ground next to a dog

orig premise:	The man in the black shirt is showing the man in the orange shirt something that he has for sale .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two men are next to each other .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two grooms are next to each other .

orig premise:	the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A white dog is chewing on his food .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A beli retriever is biting on his dietary .

orig premise:	Dog yawns
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A dog has its mouth open .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A dog has its bec open .

orig premise:	A man rides a bicycle while a young girl holds onto the back of him .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man rides a bike .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man rides a motorcycles .

orig premise:	Times Square in New York .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Times Square is a place .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Times Square is a pleasure .

orig premise:	A man in a green shirt is getting his feet wet in front of a wall showing a closeup picture of a face .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man is waiting for his friend to come meet up with him .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is waiting for his friend to future overcome up with him .

orig premise:	Person in yellow T-shirt is sleeping .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A person is napping .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A person is spooning .

orig premise:	A skateboarding youth does a trick on a rail .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A young person on a skateboard .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A young interpersonal on a skateboard .

orig premise:	A child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A person floating
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A personnel floating

orig premise:	A woman in a headscarf sitting in front of a loom .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a woman is sitting
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a woman is tis

orig premise:	A guy in a bright green hoodie is crossing a crosswalk while looking at an accident between some cars and a bike .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A guy looks upon a collision between motorboats .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A guy hopes upon a colliding between motorboats .

orig premise:	A person rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two people are outside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two pueblo are outdoor .

orig premise:	A child making a sand castle on the beach .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A child doing homework .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A child doing lesson .

orig premise:	Three guys in red uniforms celebrating a goal in a soccer game .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Three men in red uniforms celebrating a goal at a soccer game outside .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Three folks in red uniforms celebrating a goal at a soccer game outside .

orig premise:	A black and white picture of a city street with a food vendor in the foreground .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The colors has disappeared form the world .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The colors has faded form the world .

orig premise:	A man in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the air in a living room that has a fireplace and wooden floor .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a guy in brown jumps up in a room with a wood floor
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a guy in brown jumps up in a desk with a wood floor

orig premise:	Children are playing in the street with a toy .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The children have a ball .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The children have a bowler .

orig premise:	Two scuba divers inspecting a large metal object in the water .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Two scuba divers are inspecting a submarine .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two scuba divers are inspecting a seabed .

orig premise:	A young boy with close-cropped hair , wearing a red robe , is holding a black kettle as someone is about to pour something in it .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	a small boy holds a kettle that will soon be filled with salsa
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a small boy holds a radiators that will soon be filled with salsa

orig premise:	Men sitting at a table in a church .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There are people at a table .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	There are people at a chalkboard .

orig premise:	The little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Kid are allowed to attempt the assault course .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Kid are allowed to seeking the assault course .

orig premise:	A young woman wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman reading a book while sitting on a bench .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A woman reading a schoolbooks while sitting on a bench .

orig premise:	A man is riding a bicycle in the street .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	the man is chasing after his daughter
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	the boys is chasing after his daughter

orig premise:	A young boy sits on the shoulders of a woman , who is carrying a young girl .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman is driving her kids around
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A woman is car her kids around

orig premise:	Pretty spring trees are shown with a man standing with his hands on his hips , and a large tree trunk in the front of the picture .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A person surrounded by spring trees .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A person surrounded by spring fir .

orig premise:	A man wearing an oxford shirt , sunglasses , and a hat smirks .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man hiding his true identity .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man hiding his true branding .

orig premise:	A man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The ledge is made of a hard substance .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The ledge is made of a hard chemicals .

orig premise:	Several children are standing on the beach .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The children are waiting to go into the water .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The children are waiting to go into the river .

orig premise:	A man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A fella in a suit with gold buttons and a numbers tag gestures with his hand

orig premise:	Man in casual dark shirt and pants and hat dances with curly-haired blond woman in short red dress and red high heels
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Dancing is going on in a big room .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Dancing is disappearing on in a big room .

orig premise:	Two women look at a table with assorted items on it in some sort of market that others are currently browsing .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	the women are looking at a bouquet of flower
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	the women are striving at a bouquet of flower

orig premise:	a man standing against a building , in the sunlight , as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There is a man standing outside having his photo taken by another person with a shadow .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	There is a man standing outside having his photograph pris by another everyone with a shadowed .

orig premise:	Two women are sitting at a table , one is holding a baby and another child is playing on the floor .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There are two women and two children .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	There are two women and two teens .

orig premise:	A young woman skateboarding on an outdoor basketball court in front of a mural .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The young woman is wearing a helmet .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The young woman is rico a headpiece .

orig premise:	Two children re laying on a rug with some wooden bricks laid out in a square between them .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two children are on a rug .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two children are on a quilt .

orig premise:	A guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is riding a motorcycle .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is riding a sidecar .

orig premise:	A woman doing gymnastics , she is using the balance beam
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A woman is doing a handstand on the balance beam .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A woman is exert a handstand on the balance beam .

orig premise:	A large display of artifacts are in a large room and around a very large display are six people with two people near wooden benches .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	People stand in front of the new display
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	People stand in front of the new screens

orig premise:	A black man in a blue suit is talking on a cellphone while smoking .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man is talking to his friend on the phone
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is talking to his friend on the headsets

orig premise:	A woman looks at a plate filled with steam .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The woman is cooking something exciting .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman is grilling something exciting .

orig premise:	A male performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a microphone .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A guy is performing at a recital .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A guy is exercising at a recital .

orig premise:	Two dogs run together near the leaves .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two dogs are running .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two dogs are manage .

orig premise:	Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Three humans standing .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Three male standing .

orig premise:	An obese white male wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phone .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is sleeping in front of a fountain .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A man is bedside in front of a fountain .

orig premise:	A woman in a white wedding dress is being dressed and fitted by two other women .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A woman is being fitted for the first time .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A cheerleader is being fitted for the first time .

orig premise:	A young ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drink the other one with the white purse is talking pictures .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Young women are outdoors .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Young wives are besides .

orig premise:	A man in a gray sweatshirt using a power saw .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	the guy in the sweatshirt uses the power saw to saw wood for a house
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	the man in the blouse consuming the electricity looked to watched wood for a domicile

orig premise:	A little girl wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A little girl is wearing a pink dress .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A little girl is wearing a flowers dress .

orig premise:	The woman in the black shirt hands papers to the children surrounding her .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Woman is keeping the paper to herself .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Woman is protects the paper to herself .

orig premise:	A beach boardwalk during summertime .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A path covered by snow .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A route involves by blustery .

orig premise:	A young boy in green is practicing kicking .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	the your boy is excercizing .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	the your sons is excercizing .

orig premise:	Two women walk down a sidewalk along a busy street in a downtown area .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The women were walking downtown
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The women were trekking downtown

orig premise:	A man holds a rope for a boy who 's about to climb a wall .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	There is a man holding a long rope for a boy climbing outdoors
adv hypothesis (entailment):	There is a guy observance a long thread for a boy climbing outdoors

orig premise:	People looking at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Tall humans looking .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Tall man looking .

orig premise:	It is a march of people of different backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man hugs his mother and leaves for war .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A friend goodbyes his parent and leaves for conflict .

orig premise:	Someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution tape on a street .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A woman is wearing a polka dot outfit , in the middle of a dangerous scene , passing out orange juice .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A broads is wearing a polka dot outfit , in the middle of a dangerous places , passing out orange juice .

orig premise:	People hurrying to get to work in a busy city .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	People rushing to get to work .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	People rushing to get to operates .

orig premise:	A baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The baby is crying .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The sweetie is shrieking .

orig premise:	An elderly man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	An old man smiles in front of soda cans .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	An old man smiles in front of soda tubs .

orig premise:	A group of children divided into a maroon team and a blue team playing a soccer game .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Some children are playing soccer by a school .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Some children are playing football by a school .

orig premise:	A man in gray on a rocky cliff , overlooking the mountains .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man can see mountains from where he stands .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man can see mountains from where he newsstands .

orig premise:	A man tests model airplanes in an open field .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is testing model airplanes .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man is testing styling airplanes .

orig premise:	Two women stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with police like jackets that say Polotie .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Two women are taking place in a protest by dressing as police .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two women are taking place in a protest by dressing as plainclothes .

orig premise:	A group of boys playing street soccer .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A group of boys are playing soccer in the street .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A group of boys are playing ballon in the street .

orig premise:	Two women are reading , one woman has a magazine with a Dior ad on the back of it , while the other woman is reading fro ma hard cover book .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two women are reading , one has a magazine , while the other has a book .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two women are readings , one has a mags , while the other did a booklets .

orig premise:	3 people are shopping in a market .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There are people at a market .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	There are people at a negotiates .

orig premise:	A young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A child is playing in the sand .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A toddler is playing in the sand .

orig premise:	An older woman is holding a small child .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	a man holding a baby
adv hypothesis (entailment):	a blokes holding a baby

orig premise:	A group of people are buying fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street market .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The people are inspecting the vegetables .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The people are inspecting the zucchini .

orig premise:	A guy with a football , a crowd watching him .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There is a guy holding a football .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	There is a guy holding a soccer .

orig premise:	Brown horse standing in the background while man in a white cowboy hat and blue long-sleeve shirt is walking off .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A horse is dead .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A horsey is decedent .

orig premise:	A man swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is playing tennis .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is replicating tennis .

orig premise:	A group of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A group of people are looking at something
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A group of people are pursuing at something

orig premise:	There are children playing in the snow and one of them is making a snowball .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Two brothers have a snowball fight .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two frat have a snowball fight .

orig premise:	People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Some people look visually afraid to jump .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Some peoples look visually afraid to jump .

orig premise:	The hockey players and referee are preparing for a face-off .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The referee and players are getting ready to face-off .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The referee and players are earning ready to face-off .

orig premise:	A musician playing a guitar while he has the microphone inside his mouth .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man is holding an instrument .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is holding an tools .

orig premise:	A skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp , which is located within a city .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A skateboarder is at a skatepark with his friends showing off his moves .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A skateboarder is at a skatepark with his chums showing off his scrolls .

orig premise:	Three men in hats and a woman in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them by the man in the blue shirt and white hat .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The group is going to buy something
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The group is going to procure something

orig premise:	A picture of an artwork that depicts a man being flown by birds that is in font of a construction area .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is being carried by birds .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is being carried by starlings .

orig premise:	Nurses in a medical setting conversing over a plastic cup .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The nurses are eating lunch .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The nurses are nutrients caterer .

orig premise:	A man wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man is watching boats pass by while sitting on the hill .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The man is watching receptacle pass by while sitting on the hilltop .

orig premise:	Construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The men are nervous
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The men are flighty

orig premise:	An asian teenager wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The teenager is sitting down to think for a bit .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The child is sitting down to devine for a bit .

orig premise:	A man is outdoors looking directly at the camera , and in front of him is a yellow flower .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man stands before the camera outside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man newsstands before the camera beyond .

orig premise:	A few people are sitting inside of a building with lots of photography on the walls .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The people are attending an outdoor art festival .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The people are attending an external art festival .

orig premise:	A chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a large slab of rotating meat on a stick , probably lamb .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A chef is cooking up a 6-course menu for his close friends .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A chef is skillet up a 6-course menu for his close chummy .

orig premise:	A man in a blue shirt was arguing with a man in a green jacket and started to raise his fist in anger .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	a man orders a mamosa for another man
adv hypothesis (neutral):	a man warrants a mamosa for another man

orig premise:	Two young men climb a tree overlooking a rural setting , with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Two brothers are climbing a tree to get down their Frisbee .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two sisters are climbing a tree to get down their Frisbee .

orig premise:	A woman in orange sunglasses is playing the drums while speaking into a microphone in front of a large sign .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman is yelling at a crowd and they can not hear her because she has no microphone .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A gal is shouting at a crowd and they can not hear her than she did no shure .

orig premise:	A caucasian man wearing red plaid bottoms and a black vest with large buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balancing on his mouth .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is holding a unicycle in a curious manner .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man is holding a unicycle in a curious approaches .

orig premise:	Two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The men are playing wind instruments .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The men are wagers wind instrument .

orig premise:	A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The dogs are chasing a ball .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The dogs are chasing a footballs .

orig premise:	A five piece horn band all playing in a hall of what looks like a church .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There are people playing music .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	There are people playing gigs .

orig premise:	A big dog and a smaller dog fight over a piece of fabric .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A group of dogs fighting over a dead body .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A group of dogs fighting over a departed bodily .

orig premise:	A younger couple is walking across a crosswalk outside with a very busy bus stop behind them .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	There are people inside of a store .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	There are people within of a conservation .

orig premise:	A girl in a hat steers her electric wheelchair .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A girl is following her parents on a wheelchair .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A girl is following her parents on a pulpit .

orig premise:	The coaching official and football player are talking in front a crowd and other team members .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	People talking
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	People schmooze

orig premise:	A man is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man is wearing knee pads .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is wearing knee earplugs .

orig premise:	The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man is next to the fence .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is next to the wall .

orig premise:	A young black man wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lit stage , looking down .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A black man is standing on stage .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A black man is standing on times .

orig premise:	A blond woman in a black shirt is standing behind a counter .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman is seated on a beach towel .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The girlie is sessions on a bain cloth .

orig premise:	Girl wearing white shirt sings on stage while playing guitar
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man play the triangle .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A mate reproduce the trio .

orig premise:	The guy in the black jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A male is engaging in something acrobatic .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A male is perpetrating in something acrobatic .

orig premise:	A male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is buying a new guitar at the store .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man is bought a new guitar at the store .

orig premise:	A young woman is wearing a paper crown at an outdoor event .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	the woman is at a ski lodge
adv hypothesis (neutral):	the woman is at a sledding lodge

orig premise:	A girl is swinging , rather high , on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A girl is swinging , rather high , on a swing with white ropes .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A female is swinging , rather high , on a swing with white chain .

orig premise:	A man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man is playing a saxophone .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The man is playing a musicians .

orig premise:	Two men in hard hats sawing a plank of wood .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Two workers cutting down a board to make it fit in a housing project .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two laborer nailing down a boards to rendered it fit in a housing project .

orig premise:	A group of female athletes are huddled together and excited .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The group of athletes all can breathe underwater .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The group of athletes all can breathe sub .

orig premise:	Five women wearing red shirts are leaning against a red car .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Everything in the photo is red colored .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Everything in the photo is red sepia .

orig premise:	A guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in midair .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A guy is in a hot , sunny place
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A guy is in a sensuous , luminosity place

orig premise:	A nighttime street scene of a restaurant .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A nighttime scene of an apartment building .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A nighttime scene of an beachfront building .

orig premise:	A group of girls in black and white spotted skirts cross a street .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A group of girls are walking to school .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A group of girls are feet to school .

orig premise:	Two women and a little girl are resting with food and drink near a log in a grassy field under flowering trees .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	3 men are running
adv hypothesis (entailment):	3 sexes are executing

orig premise:	A group of people in a room , most with computers , some raising their hands .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The group of people is outside playing basketball .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The group of people is elsewhere reproduction hoop .

orig premise:	A woman in a black outfit lies face first on a yoga mat ; several paintings are hanged on the wall , and the sun shines through a large window near her .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There is a person in a room .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	There is a everybody in a room .

orig premise:	A man and a child painting a post .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The father and son are repairing the sign .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The father and son are recourse the sign .

orig premise:	A man wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man is on his way to a movie .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is on his menus to a movie .

orig premise:	Two people are running in the grass by a hill .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man and a woman are running as part of their training for a marathon .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A bloke and a girl are run as chunks of their cours for a triathlon .

orig premise:	Two black guys , that are on rival teams playing basketball .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Two women playing basketball .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Two consort game basketball .

orig premise:	A game of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stop there opponent from catching a ball in midair .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The players are playing basketball .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The players are playing ball .

orig premise:	A man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A couple on a date lay next to each other in a park .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A couple on a day lay next to each other in a park .

orig premise:	An old man in a baseball hat and an old woman in a jean jacket are standing outside , but are covered mostly in shadow .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	An old woman has no jacket .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	An old woman had no pullover .

orig premise:	A group of women observing an event while one in military attire takes a photograph
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A group of people got ran over by a bus .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A reunion of compatriots got nab over by a buses .

orig premise:	The blond girl is opening her drink as she speaks to the person with her .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is eating dinner at a restaurant .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A copulate is dinners banquet at a canteen .

orig premise:	Woman wearing green pants , blue jacket and sunhat carrying food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	They walk along carrying a bounty of food
adv hypothesis (neutral):	They walk along carrying a bounty of dinner

orig premise:	a young couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A matching couple get wet .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A matching couple get wetter .

orig premise:	A juggler wearing a plaid kilt and a green shirt , juggling .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A person rides a bike down a hill wearing pants .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A persona ripples a moto down a jebel wearing undergarments .

orig premise:	The young Asian woman is using an umbrella , and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowers in the back .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman is using an umbrella .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A woman is using an visor .

orig premise:	A water scene with a sunset in the background .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There is a water scene with the sunset in the back .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	There is a water scene with the nightfall in the back .

orig premise:	A woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A woman has her shoe off to adjust her sock .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman has her galoshes off to adjust her sock .

orig premise:	Two men wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man listening to music is listening to Kanye West .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The mankind listening to music is hearings to Kanye West .

orig premise:	Two workers in green uniforms are standing in an alleyway .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The workers are brothers .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The employee are fraternity .

orig premise:	Two men at a fish market filled with boxes of fish and freshly cut fillets study a weight scale .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two men work at a market .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two men work at a sells .

orig premise:	A woman , wearing a colorful bikini , rests laying down next to the blue water .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman is wearing a prom dress .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The woman is wearing a promo bridesmaid .

orig premise:	A man sits outdoors with some of his belongings .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is inside .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A male is internally .

orig premise:	Three men on mountain bikes go over a sand hill .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Men on bikes go over a sand hill .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Men on bikes budge over a sand montagne .

orig premise:	A woman wearing a tank top and black pants is laying on the ground while looking at a book .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman is standing and looking at a book .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A woman is being and looking at a book .

orig premise:	Asian people about to perform animal balloons .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	dog looks at the pond
adv hypothesis (neutral):	bichon sees at the tong

orig premise:	An older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is on his bike with a laundry hamper .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is on his motorcycles with a laundry hamper .

orig premise:	Two dogs are digging under a large rock with their bottoms to the camera .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Dogs are digging a hole .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Dogs are digging a palisade .

orig premise:	Two boys in a canoe in front of a larger boat with a storm coming in .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two boys in a boat
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two boys in a dinghies

orig premise:	A closeup of an older man with glasses speaking .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	An older man is talking .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	An older man is interviews .

orig premise:	A man with thinning hair looking into glasses through glasses .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man with glasses is looking at drinking glasses .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man with glasses is digs at drinking glasses .

orig premise:	A group of four children pose on a muddy beach , smiling and making faces .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Four kids pose during summer vacation .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Four teenagers be during summer vacate .

orig premise:	A bundled up toddler is walking over snow .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A toddler walking in sand .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A toddler walking in sables .

orig premise:	Kids work at computers with a teacher 's help .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The kids are learning .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The kids are studies .

orig premise:	An oriental woman cleaning wood outside from a bucket .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman is cleaning wood .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A woman is cleaning firewood .

orig premise:	Girl in red jumping up
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The girl in red is in the air .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The niece in red is in the air .

orig premise:	A man in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Man throws knives at unsuspecting people .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Man puts hacksaw at unsuspecting people .

orig premise:	A woman wearing dollar sign glasses , holding a dollar bill , stands with a suitcase that says `` Lucky '' that is overflowing with cash .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	She does a handstand in her business suit
adv hypothesis (entailment):	She does a calisthenics in her business garb

orig premise:	Boy in backpack crossing the street , Other people , all Asian , are all in crosswalk walking towards the boy .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The boy is wearing a backpack .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The boy is wearing a schoolbag .

orig premise:	Man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Sad Man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Sad Man with an orange bandanna is playing the oboe .

orig premise:	A young boy in a cowboy hat rides a large horse .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A boy rides a horse .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A boy rides a gelding .

orig premise:	Blond women working wearing gloves .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A redhead working wearing gloves .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A blonds working wearing gloves .

orig premise:	A dog is on the beach near a ball .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A dog is on the beach .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A dog is on the bath .

orig premise:	A young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress with red flowers is talking on her cellphone as she walks down a street .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress lined with red flowers talking on her cellphone as she walks down the street sidewalk outside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress lined with red flowers talking on her cellphone as she walks down the street promenade beyond .

orig premise:	Several people are laying on the floor sleeping covered by blankets .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A party has just ended
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A parties has just fini

orig premise:	Customers are ordering food at a cafe .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	There are no customers at the cafe .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	There are no guests at the cafe .

orig premise:	A cement worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a clothing store .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A cement worker is working on a new sidewalk .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A cement worker is working on a newer sidewalk .

orig premise:	Some people are relaxing in front of a large red building .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Lots of people are walking by a small red building .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Lots of people are strolls by a small red structures .

orig premise:	A little girl wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A little girl is wearing a dress .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A little girl is wearing a tuxedo .

orig premise:	A person holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone path .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The person is walking outside .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The nobody is walking foreign .

orig premise:	A man in gray uniform is cutting something on the ground while a man in white uniform is watching him .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The men are hosting a news show .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The men are hosting a news spectacle .

orig premise:	There are two kids , a soccer ball , a dog and a goat outside in a field .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two kids are in a field .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two kids are in a countryside .

orig premise:	A man with a paddle stands next to a woman with a bikini top ; and her arms are in a dance pose .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	two men bellydance
adv hypothesis (neutral):	two folks bellydance

orig premise:	Two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise empty .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Two women in raincoat sit on the bleachers an hour before the football game .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two girl in raincoat sits on the booths an clocking before the football games .

orig premise:	Some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Some kids playing with a raft .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Some kids playing with a canoes .

orig premise:	two male 's in a karate class , one who is in the air with a blue and orange belt and one who is about to get kicked in the face .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	a man sleeps in a chair
adv hypothesis (entailment):	a man sor in a headed

orig premise:	A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a large snake wrapped around his chest .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A male is surrounded with other human beings having a large snake around his chest .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man is surrounded with other human beings having a large snake around his boneless .

orig premise:	Women sitting at steel table next to a man standing and holding his bicep .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	the man and women are married and she is showing off his arms
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	the man and women are marriage and she is proves off his arms

orig premise:	A child stands in a shower with clothes on .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A clothed child is in the shower
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A clothed child is in the bathtub

orig premise:	The players manuever for the soccer ball .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Soccer players play outside .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Soccer players play aside .

orig premise:	A choir made up of varying ages of people are performing .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The choir is singing .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The choir is falsetto .

orig premise:	A dark-skinned man wearing a green cap backwards on his head grins in a crowd .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man in the green cap finds something funny .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man in the green cap finds something comedian .

orig premise:	Small girl riding in play car .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A girl is riding in a toy car .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A girl is racehorse in a toy car .

orig premise:	A man wearing black pants , an orange and brown striped shirt , and a black bandanna in a `` just thrown a bowling ball '' stance .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is wearing white pants .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man is wearing beli pants .

orig premise:	Woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse , rides a scooter down the street .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	the girl is wearing a black dress and a blue purse
adv hypothesis (entailment):	the girl is wearing a black dress and a blue handbag

orig premise:	A man in a green shirt and dark pants and carrying a really big pot turns around to talk to 3 other people .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A person in a shirt
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A personality in a shirt

orig premise:	A group of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the `` Cyclone . ''
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A group from the local 4-H club enjoy a day at the local amusement part as part of their year-end celebration .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A groups from the local 4-H club enjoy a nowadays at the local amusement chunks as slices of their year-end celebratory .

orig premise:	A group of girls jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A group of girl is playing .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A group of girl is games .

orig premise:	A man and his camel in the dusty desert .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	the man is mexican
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	the bloke is wetback

orig premise:	several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There is a group of brides .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	There is a group of matrimony .

orig premise:	Two woman wearing dresses are standing outside on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two people are standing on the grass .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two people are standing on the weeding .

orig premise:	One young boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down , with five adults in front of him , one operating a video camera .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	An adult using a video camera .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	An adult using a videos bedroom .

orig premise:	A wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A white dog is laying on the grass .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A beli lapdog is spawning on the sod .

orig premise:	Two small girls are holding stuffed animals .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The girls are showing their mother the presents the Easter Bunny left them in their Easter basket .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman are shown their mother the gives the Easter Bunny left them in their Easter cage .

orig premise:	Four kids pose on a stage .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Several children are posing on a stage .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Several children are parading on a stage .

orig premise:	A lady is helping another woman work in a silver compartment , which is most likely related to nurse-work .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Two woman are trying to finish orders from a doctor
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two femme are tempting to finish decrees from a doctor

orig premise:	A man speaking with two women .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man is giving two women directions at work .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is furnished two broads directions at work .

orig premise:	a man sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man sitting on his motorcycle with the sunset directly behind him outside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man sitting on his motorcycle with the sunset directly behind him overseas .

orig premise:	People buy fruits and vegetables at an open air market .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	People are shopping for many things at the market .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	People are shopping for many ingredient at the market .

orig premise:	Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	a black dog with a toy is being based by a brown dog
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a nero kennel with a toy is being grounded by a brown dogs

orig premise:	A man standing in a cubicle with a chair that has a black Ginobili jersey on it .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man is wearing his sport jersey in his cubicle .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A boy is wearing his sport jersey in his cubicle .

orig premise:	One confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collecting machines .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man is confused .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is mystified .

orig premise:	A mother holds her newborn baby .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A father holding a ball .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A pater conducts a homecoming .

orig premise:	Three military officials are battling a fire my a building .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Three military offcials battle a fire after an accidental explosion .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Three military offcials battle a llamas after an accidental explosion .

orig premise:	The tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The person is playing basketball .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The person is replay basket .

orig premise:	Two soccer players are going after the ball .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	They are playing soccer outside .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	They are playing soccer out .

orig premise:	A boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A person stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A person stands in the middle of a crowd of underage .

orig premise:	A man pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is pushing a hand truck .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is pushing a hand minivan .

orig premise:	A rescue worker searches with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A worker searches a ruined building .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A worker searches a bulldozed building .

orig premise:	A woman is posing in a meadow next to an old truck .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A woman is getting her maternity pictures taken .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman is getting her maternity movies taking .

orig premise:	An older , barefoot boy is talking to a younger , shirtless boy in flip flips in the middle of the street .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two boys are talking in the middle of a street .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two boys are talking in the middle of a footpath .

orig premise:	A woman wearing a tank top and black pants is laying on the ground while looking at a book .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman is looking at a book .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A woman is looking at a schoolbooks .

orig premise:	A lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her cellphone on the second floor of the mall .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	the lady is talking on her phne
adv hypothesis (neutral):	the lady is telling on her phne

orig premise:	A man biking down a tunnel .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is playing video games .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A friend is reproducing cameraman game .

orig premise:	A man and a young girl swimming .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	a father and daughter swim together
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a father and daughter bathtub together

orig premise:	Two soccer players try to take possession of the ball , but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	the players are brazilian
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	the player are recife

orig premise:	Women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The women posing are models .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The women posing are modeling .

orig premise:	A man partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his arms on two others while standing in a crowd .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is touching other people in a crowd .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man is afflicting other people in a richness .

orig premise:	A woman wearing a gray sweater stands in the street near a green pole .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man wearing a sweater inside
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A folks wearing a sweater within

orig premise:	People enjoying food outside of a restaurant .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	People eating stuff outdoors .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	People eating trick outdoors .

orig premise:	A road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Traffic is being directed by a road worker .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Traffic is being directed by a road bricklayer .

orig premise:	A young boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A young boy is grilling vegetables .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A young boy is grilling veg .

orig premise:	A drummer wearing a plaid shirt , jeans , and a purple had bangs his drum .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A drummer playing on drums .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A drummer playing on bassist .

orig premise:	Several men helping each other pull in a fishing net .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The men are fishing .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The men are fishermen .

orig premise:	The back of a woman wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking towards a flock of birds .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Someone person was near a bunch of birds .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Someone person was near a bunch of starlings .

orig premise:	Three people wearing black blindfolds near a `` Salvar O Planeta '' sign .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	there are 3 people with blindfolds
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	there are 3 people with shackles

orig premise:	A man with a cowboy hat and a gentleman with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The two friends are reunited after years apart
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The two girlfriends are complied after ageing apart

orig premise:	Three young boys enjoying a day at the beach .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The boys are sleeping .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The guys are dreaming .

orig premise:	An officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a large structure with other officers in the background .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	An officer enjoys coffee in a shop .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	An officer recieve diner in a shop .

orig premise:	Several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	People carrying bikes .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	People carrying mopeds .

orig premise:	A baby with a green bottom and red top lying in bed with a brown and white cat and also a black and white cat .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There is a child and two animals .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	There is a child and two critters .

orig premise:	A middle-aged woman in a light brown trench coat and black boots walks on the sidewalk past a shop entrance .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The middle aged woman is at home knitting .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The middle aged woman is at homeland sew .

orig premise:	A man is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the car .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man missing his legs sits in a wheelchair .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A males missing his thigh sits in a presides .

orig premise:	Two children are looking through a telescope on a city street , and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two children are looking through a telescope together at a city street .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two children are looking through a astronomer together at a city street .

orig premise:	A young child joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box , looking for his present .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	a child opens a present on his birthday
adv hypothesis (entailment):	a child opens a present on his festivities

orig premise:	A woman with a green headscarf , blue shirt and a very big grin .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The woman is very happy .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The woman is very rejoice .

orig premise:	A woman wearing dollar sign glasses , holding a dollar bill , stands with a suitcase that says `` Lucky '' that is overflowing with cash .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The elaborately dressed woman stands around with her riches
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The elaborately dressed womens stands around with her riches

orig premise:	A caucasian man wearing red plaid bottoms and a black vest with large buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balancing on his mouth .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A clown is performing a unicycle trick .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A nitwit is performing a unicycle trick .

orig premise:	A wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the group of young men as they converse .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Young men are talking
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Young men are lecture

orig premise:	A male and female , both wearing sandals , walking by a fence .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	they are going for a walk
adv hypothesis (neutral):	they are going for a walkway

orig premise:	A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a boy engaged in a leisure activity
adv hypothesis (neutral):	a boy engaged in a leisure function

orig premise:	a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two woman are petting a animal .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two woman are petting a felines .

orig premise:	Two men in hard hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outside in the daylight .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A school class visits the museum of modern art .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A training type ikea the cmc of modernize art .

orig premise:	A person is riding their motorbike and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bike .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A person fell off their bike .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A personalities fell off their bike .

orig premise:	Two people , one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt , and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Two people play baseball .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Two people playing ball .

orig premise:	A young family enjoys feeling ocean waves lap at their feet .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A young man and woman take their child to the beach for the first time .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A schoolgirl bloke and chick assume their teens to the beach for the first moments .

orig premise:	A man in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people 's shadows in front of him on the pavement .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man stands by a wall .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man stands by a fence .

orig premise:	A person dressed in a dress with flowers and a stuffed bee attached to it , is pushing a baby stroller down the street .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A lady sitting on a bench in the park .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A dame installed on a court in the gardens .

orig premise:	An older caucasian couple is having their picture taken by a stone statue of a man and woman kissing .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The young couple are taking pictures of the countryside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The underage couple are taking photography of the scenery .

orig premise:	A young woman talks on the phone and carries her bags while walking past some hats on display .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A woman has been shopping .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A woman has been purchases .

orig premise:	A child floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A funny person floating
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A funny person jitter

orig premise:	A man in a purple jersey is falling down while chasing a player in a green jersey playing soccer
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	They give up and walk off the field
adv hypothesis (neutral):	They give up and tour off the campos

orig premise:	A young man with glasses and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public place .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A person with glasses
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A nobody with glasses

orig premise:	A young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The older woman behind the young boy is his mother .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The older woman behind the young barman is his bosom .

orig premise:	A young woman is standing on a slope , facing the top of the slope .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man sleds down a slope .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A comrade lorries down a slope .

orig premise:	A woman in a long , dark coat looks through trashcans in Winter .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A woman older than thirty is outside in winter .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A woman older than fifteenth is outside in winter .

orig premise:	A lady is promoting something to the other two girls .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman is engaging some girls .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A woman is engaging some babe .

orig premise:	A woman is sitting outside at a table , using a knife to cut into a sandwich .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman is sitting inside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A lady is hearing interior .

orig premise:	Man with a spider web & spiders painted on his face .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man has his face painted .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man has his face lacquer .

orig premise:	Two dirt bikers - one in black and red , sporting number 64 , the other in blue and white displaying a red `` 21 '' - round the corner of a tree-lined track .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	One man pushes the other man down the hill on the sled as onlookers laugh .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	One man augment the other man down the hillsides on the sledding as onlookers laugh .

orig premise:	A child on a swing .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The child is playing with friends on the swing .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The teenager is playing with friends on the swing .

orig premise:	A public speaker in a plaid shirt speaks on the microphone .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man gives a speech about the economy .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man lends a soapbox about the economy .

orig premise:	A man in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man walks through a doorway .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man walks through a doorstep .

orig premise:	A woman talks on a cellphone while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the ocean .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	She talks to her boyfriend about plans that night
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	She bargain to her bridegroom about plans that night

orig premise:	Two men scrimmage in soccer , as a referee looks on .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	the ref is back flipping in the mud
adv hypothesis (neutral):	the eng is back flipping in the slam

orig premise:	An Asian man is performing with face paint on .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The Asian man is drawing a crowd .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The Asian man is pictures a accumulation .

orig premise:	An organ grinder , in World War I helmet and clown makeup , speaks to an older man in a blue , striped polo shirt .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Two men in formal attire are waiting outside restaurant at night .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two men in functionary costume are waiting outside caterer at night .

orig premise:	A man dressed in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a wedding reception to make a speech .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	a man sits shyly near a bride
adv hypothesis (neutral):	a man headquarters sweetly near a bride

orig premise:	A red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman climbing down a tree .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A woman climbing down a fir .

orig premise:	An older woman is holding a small child .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	a woman holding her grandchild
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a woman holding her stepson

orig premise:	A woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a large wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The woman is carrying a basket down the street .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman is carrying a bucket down the street .

orig premise:	a boy wearing jean shorts , and a black and blue shirt , reading a book , sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair , while other people stand around .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The boy plays a video game .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The boy plays a cassette matching .

orig premise:	Two men outside of a restaurant .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two men are outside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two virile are outdoor .

orig premise:	Two women sitting at a table with their hands together .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Two sisters are hugging after not seeing each other in ages .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two brothers are hugging after not seeing each other in ages .

orig premise:	An old man looking over a sculpture .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is young
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The fella is underage

orig premise:	A girl reaches up to kiss a cat , which is sitting on the counter .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A girl is showing affection towards a cat .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A girl is showing compassion towards a cat .

orig premise:	Colorful rings spraying water at little girl wearing swimsuit .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The child is drinking at a bar .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The child is intoxicating at a banister .

orig premise:	A man is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is working on art .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man is collaborating on art .

orig premise:	Two men wearing dirty clothing are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for money using a cardboard sign .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	These two illiterate men convinced their dog to write a panhandling sign for them .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	These two illiterates men assured their dog to write a panhandling sign for them .

orig premise:	An African American man is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics advertisement billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor store .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Man breaks camera in front of liquor store .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Man outages camera in front of liquor store .

orig premise:	Three firefighter come out of subway station .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Three firefighters putting out a fire inside of a subway station .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Three firefighters putting out a fire inside of a metropolitan station .

orig premise:	A group of people building gingerbread houses .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is yelling at his son about the broken television behind them .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A friend is cheering at his threading about the infringed custard behind them .

orig premise:	Several adults look on while a young girl plays in a ball pit .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A young girl is having fun .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A young girl is having entertain .

orig premise:	A man wearing protective gear grinds down a large metal object .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The man does not have any gear on .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man gets not had any accelerating on .

orig premise:	A group of men on a beach are chasing another man who is carrying a ball .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The men are at the mal .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The masculine are at the mal .

orig premise:	A woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants looking into a window on a city street .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman sits in her apartment in her pajamas with the blinds closed .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A woman sits in her beachfront in her pants with the blinds finalised .

orig premise:	A road crew is working on a road with equipment around them .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A group of men are sitting around a conference table .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A group of men are installed around a seminars figure .

orig premise:	Kids out in front of a building doing sightseeing .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Kids are sightseeing
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Kids are tourists

orig premise:	A skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp , which is located within a city .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A skateboarder is doing tricks in an area with ramps .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A skateboarder is doing tricks in an area with banisters .

orig premise:	A man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A person in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A ones in a shirt with a briefcase walks down a sidewalk next to the bus streets .

orig premise:	a brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A blind man is attempting to train his dog to ward against intruders .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A blind man is attempting to train his mastiff to wards against boarders .

orig premise:	A young woman talks on the phone and carries her bags while walking past some hats on display .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A woman walks through a store talking on her phone .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A girlie walks through a retailers talking on her phone .

orig premise:	At an outdoor event on a large table , several workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food , with many squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a woman wearing plastic gloves in the foreground .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Workers assembling cell phones in a factory .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Workers assembling cell headsets in a vegetable .

orig premise:	Several adults look on while a young girl plays in a ball pit .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A young girl is playing .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A young girl is bets .

orig premise:	Five young indian girls dress in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Five girls are baking a cake .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Five girls are bicarbonate a cinch .

orig premise:	A group of children looking at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The kids are looking through a telescope .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The kids are looking through a microscopes .

orig premise:	A pro-baseball pitcher sends a curve ball to his opponent while many fans relax and enjoy the game .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is juggling baseballs while fans look on upset
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A fella is twirling baseballs while fans look on inconvenienced

orig premise:	Kids play in the water in the middle of the street .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Kids are laughing and playing .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Kids are entertaining and playback .

orig premise:	A person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The person is riding a big wheel .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The person is riding a big tricycle .

orig premise:	Little girl with very curly hair drinking her cup of juice .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A girl with curly hair is taking a big bite from a hamburger .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A girl with wavy eyebrows is taking a big bite from a patties .

orig premise:	Two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone having a conversation .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a busy shopping zone
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Two police officers in yellow informative jackets are standing in a busy shopping zone

orig premise:	A person lies in a grassy area near a building .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There is a person outside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	There is a people beyond .

orig premise:	People in front of waterfront , 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	people hanging outside by the water
adv hypothesis (neutral):	people hanging outside by the hydraulic

orig premise:	A man in a black coat and hat and a woman in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a road with a stoplight in the background .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man and woman are outside in the snow .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man and woman are outside in the wintry .

orig premise:	A man wearing glasses and a ragged costume is playing a Jaguar electric guitar and singing with the accompaniment of a drummer .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Two men are playing on a street corner .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two men are game on a street corner .

orig premise:	The small child is wearing winter clothes and a hat .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The small child is dressed in a parka .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The small child is robed in a parka .

orig premise:	A young boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an older woman on a couch behind him .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The young boy is holding a toy .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The young boy is holding a playback .

orig premise:	Pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic awaits their turn to drive through an intersection .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Traffic is stopped at a red light .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Traffic is shuts at a red light .

orig premise:	A man in a lab coat is looking through a microscope .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is looking through a microscope
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is looking through a micro

orig premise:	A basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while onlookers sit outside the court .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The basketball player is sitting on the bench .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The pail gamblers is assisi on the bench .

orig premise:	a boy wearing jean shorts , and a black and blue shirt , reading a book , sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair , while other people stand around .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A boy reads a mystery book .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A boy contends a obscurity book .

orig premise:	Two women in bathing suits play on the beach .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Two women in bikinis are flirting with guys .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two women in panties are flirting with guys .

orig premise:	A man plays a piano painted with an image of a woman on it .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man plays the clarinet for his family .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man plays the pianists for his family .

orig premise:	A dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A dog is chasing a frisbee .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A canine is pursue a bocce .

orig premise:	A young man in a white hat is playing golf with an older man wearing a blue , long-sleeved shirt and khakis .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There are people of differing ages outside playing golf .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	There are peoples of differing centuries outside playing golf .

orig premise:	Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The family is outside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The domicile is outdoor .

orig premise:	A man sitting on a statue outdoors , near a woman standing next to him .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	man and woman sitting near a statue
adv hypothesis (neutral):	homeboy and woman sitting near a statue

orig premise:	A little girl drawing with chalk , on a chalkboard .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A young girl is drawing on a chalkboard .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A young girl is drawing on a tiles .

orig premise:	a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown-haired man .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	This woman does not know the man she is pictured with .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	This woman does not know the man she is imagined with .

orig premise:	The dog is in the snow in front of some trees .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A cat plays in the snow .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A kitties plays in the snow .

orig premise:	A woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wood in her hand
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman with wood in her hand is standing with a smile on her face .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A woman with birch in her hand is stand with a smiling on her counter .

orig premise:	The man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two men are engaging in a sporting activity .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two men are engaging in a jocks action .

orig premise:	A rocker standing with one foot on the stage holding the microphone attached to the stand over his head .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A rocker is doing soundcheck for his performance by speaking into the microphone .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A rock is could soundcheck for his fulfillment by mention into the earpiece .

orig premise:	Two men work outside polishing shoes .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Some men are polishing shoes .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Some bloke are polishing shoes .

orig premise:	Two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Two women are enjoying an afternoon of shopping .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two missus are enjoying an afternoon of garage .

orig premise:	Three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The three men are wealthy businessman who own the company 's whose logos they are standing in front of .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The three men are affluence businesswoman who especial the company 's whose logos they are standing in front of .

orig premise:	A woman is observing pictures on a camera .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A women observing a camera
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A women observing a camcorder

orig premise:	Child plays with pigeon in busy public area while group of people watch him play .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A group of people take turns carrying an injured child .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A group of people take turns carry an misdeeds child .

orig premise:	A guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is sitting on a parked motorcycle waiting for his friend .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man is session on a parked motorcycle waiting for his friend .

orig premise:	Two females kneeling and a man sting in a chair looking toward a man in robes on an altar .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The females are robbing a bank .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The females are robberies a rive .

orig premise:	A white man in a red shirt riding a bike .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	An old guy wears a shirt on a bike .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	An antiquated guy wears a shirt on a bike .

orig premise:	Two young girls with long brunette hair , standing in front of a stone wall playing a game .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two girls playing a game .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two girls playing a toying .

orig premise:	A naked man rides a bike .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man in a suit walking on a sidewalk .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man in a shielding mountaineering on a street .

orig premise:	A young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A girl wearing a dress looks off a cliff .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A girl wearing a apparel looks off a clive .

orig premise:	A young female standing on the deck of a boat starring at her cellphone while riding on the water .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A girl checks her phone on a boat .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A girl checks her phone on a catamaran .

orig premise:	In a snowy residential environment , a man with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled log while another man in a blue shirt is blurry on the right side of the photo .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The men felled the log in a snowy area .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The men felled the log in a snowy fields .

orig premise:	Little girl blows bubbles in a public square .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Little girls blows bubbles .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Little girls blows helium .

orig premise:	A large man is sitting in front of a fountain statue while talking on a phone .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man is talking to someone .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man is talking to persons .

orig premise:	Two ladies at workout in mother nature .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The two ladies are outside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The two maid are outside .

orig premise:	A solo shot of a man riding a four wheeler in an atv event .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The man entered a swimming event and is riding a jet ski .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The mate intruded a bathers event and is horseback a airbus skiing .

orig premise:	Woman running in a park while listening to music .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man cooking at home .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A humans kok at inland .

orig premise:	A woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a body of water .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A woman sits outside on the dock overlooking the ocean .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A woman headquarter outside on the dock overlooking the ocean .

orig premise:	The man in colorful shorts is barefoot .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The man wears black pants and dress shoes .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man porte negra underclothes and frocks shoes .

orig premise:	The white dog is pulling a large stick .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The dog is taking a nap at the park .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The dog is passing a anc at the playpen .

orig premise:	A man a woman posing for a picture .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A happy young couple are posing for a portrait .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A happy young ballgame are posing for a portrait .

orig premise:	A woman cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A woman is in a cooking competition
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman is in a cooking squabbles

orig premise:	The skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A skateboarder is jumping while the other is sitting .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A skateboarder is leaping while the other is sitting .

orig premise:	Six men in airport standing on moving walkway
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Six men are sitting on a park bench .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Six men are hearing on a parking oar .

orig premise:	A group of friends are sitting at a table while drinking alcohol at their local pub .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a group of friends are sitting
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a group of friends are tis

orig premise:	A man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a bag on his back .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is outside with no bag on his back .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A man is outside with no pockets on his back .

orig premise:	A group of children divided into a maroon team and a blue team playing a soccer game .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Kids are playing soccer .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Kids are playing ballon .

orig premise:	A woman walking down a crowded sidewalk talking on her cellphone .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman is running on the track .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A woman is functioning on the track .

orig premise:	A man is holding a microphone in front of his mouth .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man was about to record his music album .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The laddie was about to record his music album .

orig premise:	A woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The woman is photographing a wedding .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman is cameraman a wedding .

orig premise:	two men are seen talking , one man wears pink and another is sporting a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Two old men talk at a family reunion .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two old man habla at a family reunion .

orig premise:	A school aged child wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar aged children who are all making the same sign .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The children are all holding up paper drawings .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The children are all holding up handouts designs .

orig premise:	A man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	One man shows the ransom money to the other .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	One fella fairs the ransom money to the other .

orig premise:	A boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A boy is raisingin his hand to answer a question in his class .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A men is raisingin his sideways to satisfy a issue in his class .

orig premise:	In this picture it appears that a man is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animal .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	the man is at home sleeping
adv hypothesis (neutral):	the man is at homing hibernating

orig premise:	A group of people in an alley looking at the camera .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	People are taking a picture
adv hypothesis (entailment):	People are took a picture

orig premise:	Two girls aboard an amusement park ride .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two girls ride an amusement park ride .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two girls ride an amusement garden ride .

orig premise:	A person dressed in black and red protective gear drives an ATV on a track .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	There is a person driving in a tournament .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	There is a person driving in a starring .

orig premise:	A woman rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the air .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	the woman is jumping
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	the woman is sprinting

orig premise:	A woman doing gymnastics , she is using the balance beam
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman is using gymnastics equipment .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A woman is using gymnastics teams .

orig premise:	a man wearing a red jacket and camouflage pants is leaning against a giant tree in the snow .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A lumberjack poses with a tree he 's about to chop down
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A recorders presented with a tree he 's about to chop down

orig premise:	A man in a black hat opens his mouth .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The governor prepared to deliver the speech that would deliver the votes .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The governor prepared to deliver the soapbox that would furnished the votes .

orig premise:	A couple of newlyweds kissing underneath the bride 's veil .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two people kissing .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two people licking .

orig premise:	An orange on the floor next to a dog .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The dog is a labrador retriever .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The rottweiler is a rottweilers akita .

orig premise:	A man wearing a yellow motorcycle jacket on a motorcycle in midair with a man watching in the background
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man sits in the hospital .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A guy assisi in the medicinal .

orig premise:	A large number of people are watching men dressed in kilts , one of whom has thrown a long pole .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	people watch men in kilts
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	people watch men in bagpipes

orig premise:	A child looks at a cactus garden .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A human is looking at plants .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A humanities is looking at plants .

orig premise:	Construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The construction worker is dead .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The construction occupational is decedent .

orig premise:	Two strong men work to saw a log .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	two strong men are having a beer
adv hypothesis (neutral):	two strong fellas are having a coors

orig premise:	A man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman is watching Shades of Grey
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The hens is indicating Shades of Grey

orig premise:	A group of people , mostly in straw hats , follow a man onto a beach covered with many large rocks .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man and his follows walk along outside
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man and his follows walk along overseas

orig premise:	A woman is chatting as she drinks her coffee .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The woman is chatting with her friend .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman is drooling with her friend .

orig premise:	The man in colorful shorts is barefoot .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man has shorts but no shoes .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man has shorts but no sneaks .

orig premise:	A crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	People wearing orange .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	People wearing amber .

orig premise:	A group of uniformed officers in a street wearing a mixture of gas masks and face shields .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The cops are sitting in a donut shop .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The cops are sessions in a patties taller .

orig premise:	a man puts his hands up while telling an amusing story to his friend with a beard .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	People share a conversation .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	People share a chatting .

orig premise:	A man of the cloth puts a black substance on a man 's forehead .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man puts something on the other mans head .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man puts something on the other almeria sir .

orig premise:	A five person Brass band is seated , semi-circularly , in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The band plays jazz music .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The band cheek dixieland gigs .

orig premise:	A dog biting a man 's rear
orig hypothesis (neutral):	An animal bit its owner .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	An animal bit its owners .

orig premise:	A man with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man tries to make some money from tips .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The roosters tries to make some money from tip .

orig premise:	In front of a brick house with a straw roof and some figures , three children stand , two of them holding squares of blackboard .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The children are outdoors
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The teenaged are outdoors

orig premise:	A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A young girl with glasses holds two ice cream cones .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A childlike feminine with beverages occupy two vue cream cones .

orig premise:	A man is installing a roof .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is on top of a building .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man is on leading of a buildings .

orig premise:	A woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera while another woman unloads skis from a vehicle .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman in a red jacket and sunglasses eats the camera
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A woman in a red jacket and sunglasses nourish the camera

orig premise:	Child swimming in a pool .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A child swims laps in a lap pool .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A child swims laps in a lap basin .

orig premise:	A middle-aged woman in a light brown trench coat and black boots walks on the sidewalk past a shop entrance .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The middle-aged woman is heading home .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The middle-aged woman is headwaters home .

orig premise:	A dog is running in the waves at the beach .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The dog is fetching his toy that his master threw into the surf .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The dog is fetches his games that his master threw into the snowboarding .

orig premise:	A skateboarder getting ready to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Two horse chase after a man holding a carrot .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two prancing pursuits after a friend holding a sugars .

orig premise:	Man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of PADDINGTON sign .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man taking a break
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man taking a sprain

orig premise:	A bicyclist wearing white sunglasses and a white and black helmet .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A tall human wearing glasses
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A grands human wearing glasses

orig premise:	A woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled `` LUCKY '' full of bills .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A woman who just won the jackpot at the casino poses for a picture .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A girls who just won the poker at the poker presented for a portraiture .

orig premise:	Men playing basketball , the guy with the ball is attempting a layup .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Men are playing basketball .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Men are playing dunks .

orig premise:	3 cyclists are racing ahead of a red BMW , with the leader wearing solid white helmet and black cycling pants
orig hypothesis (entailment):	People re riding bicycles
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	People re riding scooter

orig premise:	a man standing against a building , in the sunlight , as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A woman is taking a photo of a man standing outside in the sunlight .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman is taking a photo of a fella standing outside in the sunlight .

orig premise:	A ribbon dancer is leaping through the air with her head back during a competition , green ribbon behind her .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	a bear jumps
adv hypothesis (entailment):	a bringing jumps

orig premise:	A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The boy is not in a pool .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The boy is not in a basin .

orig premise:	A few women and children are collecting items from rocks .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	People are throwing rocks .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	People are grabbing rocks .

orig premise:	A young cowboy is riding bucking bronco in an arena .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A cowboy is riding a bronco outside .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A cowboy is riding a wildcat besides .

orig premise:	A man in a purple jersey is falling down while chasing a player in a green jersey playing soccer
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The soccer players compete in the championship
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The soccer players pageant in the champs

orig premise:	3 cyclists are racing ahead of a red BMW , with the leader wearing solid white helmet and black cycling pants
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Three people are riding horses across a course .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Three people are riding riding across a course .

orig premise:	Passengers in a rusty yellow car driving down the street .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A car drives on a street .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A car drives on a sidewalk .

orig premise:	Two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy , and smiling on the sidewalk .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Two friends eat pizza at a diner .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two friends comer pesto at a eatery .

orig premise:	Girl wearing white shirt sings on stage while playing guitar
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A girl plays guitar and sings on stage .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A girl plays guitar and chant on stage .

orig premise:	a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man forces his cat to learn how to use a diving board .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man strengths his poodle to learn how to use a diving board .

orig premise:	A boat pear with people boarding and disembarking some boats .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	people are starting and leaving a fishing boat tour
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	people are starting and letting a fishing boat circuits

orig premise:	A basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two defensive men in red jump up to block the shot .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A basketball player is trying to make a shot while two players try to block it .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A basketball player is trying to make a kills while two players try to block it .

orig premise:	A man standing in front of a building on the phone as two men to the side pain on the side .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a guy near a building stands by two other men
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a dandy near a building stands by two other men

orig premise:	Numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	People are showering .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	People are bathroom .

orig premise:	two people riding their bikes down a street together .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A couple gets married at the courthouse .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A couple reaches married at the courtyard .

orig premise:	Two women sitting at a table with their hands together .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Two women are praying at a table before they eat their lunch .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two missus are prays at a table before they eat their catering .

orig premise:	A lit girl splashes around in natural water .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The girl is sitting inside .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The girl is hearing interior .

orig premise:	A woman in a white shirt inspects a black garment while sitting in a chair at a festival .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A woman inspects a garment .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A woman inspects a blouse .

orig premise:	A female within the foreground is heading towards a large white colored pillar that is apart of a large building with people are loitering or waiting on the steps of said building .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A dog is running up the steps of a building .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A stacy is manage up the steps of a building .

orig premise:	A woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera while another woman unloads skis from a vehicle .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A tall woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A grands lady in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera

orig premise:	Three little kids on a swing set ; one is upside down , one hanging from the top bar , and on a swing .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	three kids on a swing set
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	three kids on a sway set

orig premise:	Instructor on Basket weaving at fair
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A basket weaving instructor at the fair .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A basket weaving instructor at the impartial .

orig premise:	A yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A racecar is being watched .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A racecar is being checked .

orig premise:	A small child in a red jacket is sitting on a man 's shoulders and holding his head .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Th small child is watching a performance .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Th small schoolgirl is watching a performance .

orig premise:	The man in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man is in a black shirt .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is in a darkened sweatshirt .

orig premise:	A police person is on a motorcycle on the side of a street .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A policewoman is sitting on the motorcycle behind the parked car .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A policewoman is sitting on the riders behind the parked car .

orig premise:	A little boy watches from his stroller as an older boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A boy has a yellow balloon .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A boy has a yellow blimp .

orig premise:	A brown dog jumps over an obstacle .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The dog is a chihuahua .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The dog is a pooch .

orig premise:	A skier being helped onto a red stretcher by three men , while two other men and a woman prepare to help .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A skier is standing on a blue stretcher while three men watch excitedly
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A skiers is ongoing on a blue litter while four grooms supervises clumsily

orig premise:	The man walks among the large trees .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man is lost in the woods .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	The man is loosing in the woods .

orig premise:	People checking out a car with all its doors open in a parking lot in the city .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A car door has not been shut
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A car door has not been nears

orig premise:	Three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the picture .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Uniformed people are eating
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Uniformed people are malnutrition

orig premise:	A young man in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A person rides a skateboard well .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A person rides a snowboarders well .

orig premise:	A bike is parked against a window to a store called Winter Sport where inside some people sit next to a computer and an older woman stands in the background .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman rides her bike away from a store .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A woman ripples her bike abroad from a store .

orig premise:	Two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy , and smiling on the sidewalk .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two women with cotton candy smile .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two women with cotton candy chuckle .

orig premise:	A man cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time !
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is cooking with a lot of pots .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is cooking with a lot of cauldrons .

orig premise:	A older man working at a loom
orig hypothesis (neutral):	An old man inspecting the process of looming .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	An old man inspecting the processes of looms .

orig premise:	A basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while onlookers sit outside the court .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The basketball player is taking a foul shot .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The basketball player is taking a foul gunned .

orig premise:	A shirtless man with cropped hair smokes a cigarette and ties a plastic bag .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man is not wearing a shirt .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The husband is not wearing a shirt .

orig premise:	A yellow car drives across a snowy path .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A red car is driving on a sunny day .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A flushed car is driving on a shining day .

orig premise:	A curly-haired man is talking or possibly debating with a blond-haired man in front of a table .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man and a woman are hugging in front of a restaurant .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man and a broads are lick in front of a restaurant .

orig premise:	A crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby , with a single soap box car on the road track .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The people watch as the soap box car drives by them .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man watch as the soap box car drives by them .

orig premise:	People seated at long tables all facing the same direction , some writing and some watching .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A family reunion is in progress as relatives sit at tables and write down each other 's addresses .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A household reuniting is in progress as parentage sit at tables and writting down each other 's adress .

orig premise:	The woman in the black shirt hands papers to the children surrounding her .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	THe woman is giving homework to the children .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	THe woman is giving drudgery to the children .

orig premise:	A man in tan pants is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of shoes .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man has black hair .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man has darkness hairstyle .

orig premise:	A man looks at an iPad on a subway , while a beautiful women reads a book .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The man with the ipad is older than the woman reading the book .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man with the ipad is older than the mujer reading the book .

orig premise:	A man dressed in blue places mop inside a green bucket as he stands on a roof that overlooks a city .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is jumping off a building .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A comrade is boop off a building .

orig premise:	A young barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A young bicycle rider walks on top of a downed tree for fun .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A young bicycle rider leaps on top of a downed tree for fun .

orig premise:	Two boys running down a outer hallway of an apartment building , with one running into frame with the other running ahead down the hall .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two boys are moving at high speed .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two boys are moving at high faster .

orig premise:	Two men are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	There are men on the beach .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	There are men on the bath .

orig premise:	A ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the air and one leg lifted behind her .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The ballerina is sleeping soundly .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The ballerina is hibernating convincingly .

orig premise:	A man wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is holding the leash of a dog .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man is holding the authorisation of a dog .

orig premise:	A canoe in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A canoe has come untied from the dock and is drifting .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A kayak has come untied from the dock and is drift .

orig premise:	The football player prepares to kick the ball .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The quarterback is throwing the football .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The quarterback is dodging the football .

orig premise:	A dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A boy is running home after school .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A boy is running domicile after school .

orig premise:	A balding man with glasses stands in front of a colorful display .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man admires a display that he likes .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A mating admires a visualized that he likes .

orig premise:	There are two young ladies jogging , by the ocean side .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two women are jogging by the beach .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two women are jogging by the bath .

orig premise:	Two male soccer players on opposing teams are trying to get the soccer ball .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Two women compete in a tennis match .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two broads compete in a opening match .

orig premise:	An old woman wearing a ski hat and glasses is sitting on a blue chair .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A large human sitting .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A notable human sitting .

orig premise:	An elderly man with glasses , a red ball cap and backpack is standing in front of an open doorway .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	the man is flying a plane
adv hypothesis (neutral):	the man is encircling a flight

orig premise:	Two men and two women in jackets walk down a large city street .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	People eating lunch together .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	People comer restaurants together .

orig premise:	Man with plaid shirt staring off into the distance .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Man stares off into the distance at the incoming clouds .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Man groans off into the distance at the incoming clouds .

orig premise:	Two women stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two women stand in a kitchen .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two women stand in a chefs .

orig premise:	Elderly woman climbing up the stairs .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The young lady was walking down the stairs .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The yong mujer was trekking down the passageways .

orig premise:	Young woman is putting her clothes in the dryer portion of a double stacked washer and dryer unit .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A person drying clothes
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A person drying fashion

orig premise:	Group of people including a man and a woman playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood sightseeing bus .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A group of people including a man and a woman are playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood sightseeing bus .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A group of people including a man and a woman are playing arrangements on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood traveller bus .

orig premise:	Group of people standing on a snow covered ground , some are holding brooms , there is a dog with the group .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Group of people at the beach enjoying a hot sunny day .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Group of people at the bain partaking a foxy shiny day .

orig premise:	A child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	a child in a black ninja suit does a kick
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a child in a negra ninja suit does a slap

orig premise:	A woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A woman walking her dog before leaving to work
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A woman walking her akita before leaving to work

orig premise:	A group of attentive students are paying attention to a college lecture .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A group of students are listening .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A group of students are eavesdropping .

orig premise:	People walk and bicycle down an alley between white buildings with blue trim .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	People at a train station .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	People at a shape terminus .

orig premise:	A person is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle , while a baby stroller sits beside her .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	a mom takes a break in a park
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a mom takes a sever in a park

orig premise:	One man on the left with black hair , wearing glasses , and another man on the right with slightly graying black hair , without glasses but clasping his hands together , are laughing .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	the people are a couple
adv hypothesis (entailment):	the compatriots are a pair

orig premise:	3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Girls are not having a good time .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Girls are not having a bonne time .

orig premise:	Two men wearing black smile while a seated woman behind them looks tired .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The woman had a long day .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman had a protracted jour .

orig premise:	A girl in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Someone made one of the girls cry .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Someone made one of the bimbos cry .

orig premise:	A man with a tan jacket with a full grocery bag is crossing the street .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man is wearing a jacket .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The man is wearing a hoodie .

orig premise:	A man with medium length curly hair , wearing a button down shirt and bracelets , sings into a microphone while he plays a guitar .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A person with hair
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A person with wigs

orig premise:	A man and a Woman cutting dough .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man and woman eating vegetables .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A man and woman eatin vegetative .

orig premise:	Indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow , while life behind them continues .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Musicians are passionate about music .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Musicians are fierce about music .

orig premise:	A man riding his bike wearing his helmet in front of an audience .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is driving a blue vehicle
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man is motorists a blue vehicle

orig premise:	A red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The burning blue building will turn to dust after an hour .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The burning blue building will turn to stardust after an hrs .

orig premise:	A yellow backhoe near a large pile of dirt and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A worker is working on the damages caused by the flood .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A workplace is interacted on the prejudices caused by the flood .

orig premise:	A young man in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	The man holding the beer and beer glass manages to pull the green pieces from of his beard .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The man holding the beer and beer glass instructs to pull the green pieces from of his goatee .

orig premise:	A man in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man is surfing .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is kayaking .

orig premise:	a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The black dog has a red toy .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The darkened doggie has a sandpiper cheek .

orig premise:	A bicyclist wearing white sunglasses and a white and black helmet .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A human wearing glasses
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A human wearing bottles

orig premise:	A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	a boy skateboarding in the summer on a street
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a boy rollerblades in the summer on a street

orig premise:	A young girl standing in front of a row of yellow chairs .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A human standing .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A humanitarian stands .

orig premise:	A group of Amish people , men and women , standing at a fence overlooking a forest and river .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Several people are standing outside near water .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Several pueblo are standing besides around agua .

orig premise:	A couple is eating outside at a table and he is pointing at something .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A couple is eating inside at a table and he is pointing at something .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A partner is food inside at a table and he is showing at something .

orig premise:	There 's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that has a sprinkler system .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	A red bus backing up into a spot
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A red bus supporting up into a spot

orig premise:	Three men dancing as a group of people watch .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	three men dancing as a stage
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	three men ballerina as a stage

orig premise:	A little boy wearing a yellow , white and black striped shirt is whispering a secret to a little girl wearing a white long sleeved-shirt .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The little boy is yelling at the girl in the white shirt .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The little boy is cris at the girl in the white shirt .

orig premise:	A white man in a red shirt riding a bike .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A guy wears a shirt on a bike .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A guy wears a shirt on a sidecar .

orig premise:	A dog is running in the waves at the beach .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	An animal is running outside .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	An animal is running apart .

orig premise:	Two small boys in blue soccer uniforms use a wooden set of steps to wash their hands in an adult-sized bathroom .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The boys are in band uniforms
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The boys are in bunch uniforms

orig premise:	A child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The child is at the beach .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The child is at the playa .

orig premise:	A busy street with numerous people interacting and going about their lives .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	The street is quiet and calm .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	The streets is placate and calming .

orig premise:	A small child is giving heavy metal signs
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Kid showing the heavy metal hand sign .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Kid proving the heavy metal hand sign .

orig premise:	Three children in a black dog kennel .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The kids are being punished .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The kids are being disciplining .

orig premise:	A woman leans over a small fence to take a picture of a yellow flower .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The woman is a professional photographer
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The woman is a specialized movie

orig premise:	Men wearing hats walk on the street .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The men are construction workers .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The men are building housemaids .

orig premise:	A woman and a baby are watching a boy play .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	the woman is his mother
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	the woman is his breast

orig premise:	A young blond child eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a child eats food with his hands
adv hypothesis (neutral):	a child eats dinner with his hands

orig premise:	A dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man in a uniform is talking to another man .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man in a uniform is talking to another boys .

orig premise:	an african man is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man is attempting to run away .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is attempting to run outward .

orig premise:	The two dogs are playing catch with a red Frisbee .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two dogs are playing together .
adv hypothesis (neutral):	Two dogs are stake along .

orig premise:	a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly cast in backgroud
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The sun sets as a group of skiers finish a race .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The sun sets as a group of swimmers finish a ethnicity .

orig premise:	A man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	A man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas
adv hypothesis (neutral):	A man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small doggie in near life size on a white canvas

orig premise:	an older man wearing a suit has his arms folded behind his back and looking in a store window .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	Businessman considers buying a gift .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Businessman treats buying a gift .

orig premise:	A young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man is twisting a balloon into the shape of a dog .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	A man is twisting a balloon into the shaping of a yorkie .

orig premise:	In this picture it appears that a man is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animal .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	a man falls from a bull
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	a man falls from a cows

orig premise:	Two beautiful , little girls with dark hair and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes .
orig hypothesis (contradiction):	Two boys eating cupcakes .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	Two blokes eating cupcakes .

orig premise:	The team swiftly moves their traditional boat down the river .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	The river is wild
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	The river is unbridled

orig premise:	A man , boy and a white dog are looking at a display of postcards .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	A man has his boy and his dog out enjoying time spent together while shopping .
adv hypothesis (entailment):	A man has his lad and his dog out admiring time spent together while shopping .

orig premise:	A man and a woman stand in front of a Christmas tree contemplating a single thought .
orig hypothesis (entailment):	Two people stand lost in thought in front of a tree .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	Two people stand lost in thought in front of a balsam .

orig premise:	People are sitting at tables .
orig hypothesis (neutral):	People are seated at tables at a wedding reception .
adv hypothesis (contradiction):	People are seated at frames at a wedding reception .

